 {
   "id": "533693316666605",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_533512946684642",
   "from_name": "August le Blanc",
   "message": "OK a redacted version of what is happening now. \nThis is my TEST CASE.\n\nI DON NOT CARE ABOUT REVENUE CANADA SEND EM MY WAY... \nI UNLIKE YOU HAVE NOTHING TO HIDE.\n\nOk You obviously do not COMPREHEND ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Or CEASE AND DESIST. \n\nFraudmeister xxxxxx.\n\nALL RIGHTS RESERVED applies to xxxxx, xxxxxx MEDIA AND PRODUCTIONS,\nxxxxxx TV, xxxxxx WITH HER, xxxxxxx RADIO, THE xxxxxx AND THE xxxxxxx GROUP OF COMPANIES,  THIS MEANS YOUR BROADCAST RIGHTS ARE IN DISPUTE AS WELL.... Just a hint that you do not own the rights will make you a pariah in the eyes of the broadcasters ... who have pretty much had it with your way of business.\n\nIF YOU WANT TO MAKE THIS PUBLIC THEN I WILL BE OBLIGATED TO INFORM THE CRTC AND CTV AS WELL AS 660 AND SHAW OF THE RIGHTS DISPUTE AND YOUR SHOWS WILL BE PULLED.\nYOUR MEDIA EMPIRE WILL CRUMBLE AS YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO AIR ANYTHING ever... GET IT?\n\nYOU HAVE INCURRED MORE CHARGES AN  amended INVOICE IS ATTACHED. \nxxxxxxxxx WIIL BE THE FIRST BUILDERS LEIN. xxxxxx AND OTHERS TO FOLLOW.  \nYOU WILL BE NOTIFIED ON MONDAY.\n\nITS NICE TO KNOW THAT YOU THINK A BILL OF EXCHANGE AND DOING COMMERCE IS \"INSANE BULLSHIT\"\n\nPAY YOUR BILL , STAY AWAY FROM ME AS STATED IN THE TERMS OF THE INVOICES SENT. DO NOT CONTACT ME ANY FURTHER.  YOUR ACCOUNTANT IS THE ONLY AUTHORIZED CONTACT WITHIN YOUR ORGANIZATION. CEASE AND DESIST ANY FORM OF HARASSMENT. ANY FURTHER COMMUNICATIONS FROM MR. XXXXXX WILL BE CONSIDERED CYBER STALKING AND A HARASSMENT CHARGE AND RESTRAINING ORDER WHICH IS IN THE TERMS OF THE INVOICE MAKING IT MERCHANT LAW  WHICH WILL BE CONTRACTED TO CPS....\n\nPAY YOUR FUCKING BILL. \n\nYOU ARE A LIAR = FRAUD = JAIL\n\nCEASE AND DESIST ANY FURTHER HARASSMENT.\n xxxxxxxxxxx:YOU ARE A NON-PERSON WITH NO RIGHTS IN THIS MATTER.\nASK YOUR LAWYER ABOUT DEALINGS WITH A PRIVATE TRUST.\nI DO NOT THINK YOU COMPREHEND THE MAGNITUDE OF WHAT YOUR IGNORANCE IS LETTING YOU DO....\n\nGOVERN YOURSELVES ACCORDINGLY.\n\nJason F. Le Blanc                   1732964 ALBERTA LTD SEAL                                                                                                                    Director Of a Private Trust\nAll Rights Reserved",
   "created_time": "2013-07-06T17:25:01+0000"
 }
