 {
   "id": "951797781522821",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_951714218197844",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "I wan't EVERYONE to remember that Dean knows everything I showed you  and lied about ME so you wouldn't look. He did it since 2011.\n\nYou will never be ANY farther ahead than when you listened to Dean. As Mike Friesen might warn you; He lies. he'll even pretend to be a Piece-of-Shit Christian if it suits him.\n\nIf you are one of those who believed those lies, you should have come in with Mike Friesen, because now you can reap what you sow. You are FREE, because you are not welcome here.\n\nYou are FREE to go fuck yourselves.\n\nYou are FREE to labour twice as hard for half as much crappy Fiat Debt currency as you did in 2000.\n\nYou are FREE to get the same knowledge from Piece-of-Shit Jesus. Pray real fucking hard.\n\nYou are FREE to take what's feels good, over what's TRUE.\n\nFeel the Free-dumb!\n\nAs I said before, 2+2=4, and it always will be. Dean C. Clifford and Robert-Arthur: Menard will try to convince you that 2+2=5. \n\nThe Quatlosers will try to convince you 2+2=3 and the extra 1 belongs to the Law Society. \n\nI simply tell you the truth. There are few people who have lived a life like mine. I am the MOST qualified to speak on these matters. It doesn't MATTER if that hurts your feelings, it's still true. I honestly don't know why my knowledge and experience offends you so much, but it clearly does.\n\nTo those few who DID pay attention, and DID realize I'm the only one on the whole fucking Internet (And therefore the whole fucking planet) who has any actual answers have actually moved toward ACTUAL enlightenment. The real kind. The kind you don't lose.\n\nIn the end, I'm still right. It doesn't matter if that hurts your feelings.\n\nSpend money on bullshit, or spend time on the truth. it's your choice.",
   "created_time": "2016-02-29T14:22:26+0000"
 }
