 {
   "id": "951850524850880",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_951714218197844",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "The first PUBLIC test happens tomorrow.\n\nIf you are a Quatloser, or a Government worker, or a cop, or a lawyer, or some other variety of parasite, ask yourself \"what the fuck have I done lately to change ANYTHING, or DO ANYTHING that doesn't victimize someone else\"?\n\nMost of you parasites won't ask yourselves this question, because \"nothing\" makes you see yourself for the piece of shit that you are.\n\nYou might want to overcome that, because all of THIS work is billable and you are the ones who are paying it. It doesn't matter if you grasp how. Reality doesn't care. Think of this as BETTER-THAN-JESUS telling you to \"REPENT\". QUIT your parasite job. Do it now while you still have the chance. I'm just the messenger here. This isn't a \"threat\", it's a BRIEFING. These things will come to pass. I have been telling ALL if you the steps that are happening, BEFORE THEY HAPPEN, for 3 years now. ALL of these things seem unrelated...\n\n...until you have the curse/luxury of hindsight.\n\nThese things that I show you, all seem unrelated, but they aren't. THE ANSWER TO EVERYTHING is behind it all. Those of us that understand it can see all the connections. That blindness that the rest of you have means you are, by your very nature, powerless to stop it. Your magic parchments and armed thugs can't stop it. Your lies and fraud can't stop it.\n\nIt's ALL FREE!\n\n...because the ignorant parasites are the ones paying for it, so you don't have to be the product.\n\nhttp://www.ibtimes.co.uk/move-over-ebay-countdown-openbazaar-decentralised-marketplace-revolution-1529767",
   "created_time": "2016-02-29T16:47:50+0000"
 }
