 {
   "id": "462493170453287_540171486018788",
   "created_time": "2013-07-23T05:02:47+0000",
   "updated_time": "2014-01-18T20:42:33+0000",
   "from_name": "Derek Hill",
   "from_id": "1.02045272709166E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "This is an effort to tie up loose ends with the VOID thread with combination of the Notice of Mistake.\n\nTake it from me when i say it works as long as you stand by it.\n\nSo there was a lot of talk about VOIDing contracts. I was under the false impression(my fault) that by VOIDing the contract was doable because your name was on the docket. You control the name, use the name to contract with fictions. The name is your middleman sort of speak.\n\nBut never forget, the name is NOT YOURS!!!This is created and owned by the government of whoever created your birth certificate. In my case, it was quebec.\n\nNow, the government gave you that name to USE IT. You can contract with it, use it to receive benefits, use it for other commercial purposes.\n\nBut just because you use it, does NOT MEAN you are liable for it, so long as you don't accept it.\n\nThe whole point about the Notice of Mistake is to REBUT SURETY and ask questions they CANNOT ANSWER. \"They\" as in anyone interested in your case, which is the JUSTICE/CROWN.\n\nRemember the most important rule, they CANNOT PROCEED WITHOUT SURETY. Surety is a guarantee that an account will be paid, you know the original charging instrument you get pinned against you? Yea, that. That is what they expect you to pay.\n\nSee the CROWN creates a charge, which is a liability, and the CROWN ASSUMES that you will act as SURETY. So over the course of a NORMAL PRECEDURE, you act as surety, so one way or the other, you will be getting damaged. But if you take the Notice of Mistake route, you can save yourself the trouble and make sure its dealt with immediately rather then taking the chance.\n\nNow getting back to VOIDing things. The way i look at it is VOIDing orders ensures that you no longer consent. What gives you the power to do these is look at the parties involved.\n\nIE. Restraining Order - Only 1 name is on there so 1 party. You. VOID it, who is to say you cant?\nInterim Order - 2 names. Having 2 names is irrelevant, still VOID it. \n\nImportant fact you must view is WHAT ARE ORDERS.\n\nIn one of my topics i talk about valuable securities and sureties being the same thing. When your name appears on ANY ORDER, you are a SURETY to it. Meaning they EXPECT YOU to PERFORM the OBLIGATIONS. That is what generates revenue. My security article talks about security and surety being one in the same UNLESS EXPRESSED OTHERWISE.\n\nThis is why the Notice of Mistake is powerful. Because it fulfilled the requirement to rebut security and/or surety.\n\nSo what happens when you rebut SURETY. It goes back to the sole signatory on the founding document. The birth certificate. The sole signatory is for my case \"Le Directeur d'etat civil\". That office is SURETY for my name. That office is responsible to pay accounts.\n\nAll public servants are from the GOVERNMENT. GOVERNMENT is NOT A TRUST, but a collective of PERSONS CHARGED WITH TRUST DUTIES. This is called a TRUSTEE. A TRUSTEE is CHARGED with DUTIES to maintain and care for the ESTATE which is the TRUST. This includes acting as SURETY in ALL MATTERS brought against the ESTATE/TRUST/NAME. That is why the Notice of Mistake rebuts that and asks that very questions:\n======================================================\nWHAT EVIDENCE does the COURT have that I am a TRUSTEE for the LEGAL NAME.\n\nWHAT EVIDENCE does the COURT have that I am a TRUSTEE and have ANY SURETY with respect to the LEGAL NAME?\n\nWHAT EVIDENCE does the COURT have that I am an OFFICER, an AGENT, a TRUSTEE or an EMPLOYEE of the CROWN?\n======================================================\nIf the COURT/CROWN cannot provide evidence to all of the questions(lets face it probably wont happen), they it is impossible and might i say illegal for you to ACT as SURETY, as that would be IMPERSONATING a PUBLIC OFFICIAL.\n\nA beneficiary is an individual who received benefits and/or other incentives of a TRUST, but has none of the liabilities. You are the BENEFICIARY. THEY as in the COURT/CROWN are the TRUSTEES.\n\nNow that you know you cannot be trustee/surety, can they really proceed against you and/or hold you liable?\n\nThe answer is NO!\n\nRemember, your documentation is only as strong as you are. You are threatening their revenue, they WILL TRY and they WILL TEST YOU to see what you got what it takes.\n\nThe question is. Are you ready to cast away your fear spending a few nights in jail, or will you live in your comfort and continue to be controlled?\n\nThe choice ultimately is yours. It always has been.\n\nI would like to close this topic by one of my favorite quotes of all time.\n\n\"Peace.\n\nIt does not mean to be in a place where there is no noise, trouble or hard work.\n\nIt means to be in the midst of those things and still be calm in your heart.\"\n\n-Unknown",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
