 {
   "id": "947199145316018",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_946802645355668",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Pete Daoust heard and understood what I was saying, but he didn't BELIEVE it. He had been told half-truths for a long time.\n\nI told the whole truth. He'd never seen it before, and he was more than ready to expose any half-truths he found while verifying what I say.\n\nTrust but verify. It works every time, and does not fail those who use the methodology. You should be wary of those who dare challenge the reader with that.\n\nI gave ANSWERS, and Pete Daoust TRUSTS what I say. His attempts to VERIFY these answers from the only place he could; (The SOURCE) have been stonewalled (Go Figure) for YEARS!\n\nThis is not something ANYONE in the Law society OR government wants attention drawn to. EVER.\n\nExcept Pete Daoust doesn't shut up. This just adds to the material they want people to avoid.\n\nThe name Scott Duncan means something very different in the realm of the Law Society, or the Government. Keep that in mind when you drop the \"Scott Duncan says HI\", bomb. I know you think it's hysterical, but you are actually frightening them when you say that. You represent a \"first wave\" of people asking the uncomfortable questions. You are harbingers of what is to come. \n\nGet enough people asking, and their livelihood ends. These are people who aren't wanted in the real world. Jews learned this lesson, generations ago; \"get a skill so you have something to fall back on\"...ignoring the fact that they are not producing VALUE and thus NEED something to fall back on, in the first place. Nobody seems to notice that part. Go figure!\n\nThe Bolsheviks barely had written language at their disposal, and they managed to exterminate and replace the Russian Aristocracy. I have THE INTERNET, and I understand how EVERYTHING works. More people read about World War Two today, than they did during World War Two! There's more people alive! We can communicate vast amounts of information, instantly. Humanity has NEVER had that ability, in history. All because of computer science. It truly is THE ANSWER TO EVERYTHING.\n\nIt also adds a new factor, that the Law Society was NEVER prepared for. \n\nCan you see a \"Perfect Storm\" gathering? :D Pete Daoust will go down in history, one way or another! I don't think he's just going to stop asking questions any time soon. What is so hard about admitting he's an indentured servant? Is lying SO important?\n\nIt sure seems so.",
   "created_time": "2016-02-20T23:33:46+0000"
 }
