 {
   "id": "634715613231041",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_634463933256209",
   "from_name": "Stuart Stone",
   "message": "From the exchange on another page, that I just finished reading, there was a KEY post for me, which provided some clarity:\n\n'Scott Duncan: I am going to collapse the banking system and start a war. While THAT happens I will activate the DarkNets, the MAIDSAFE is deployed, then OVERNIGHT everyone has a bank. BETA AQUILAE will be complete.\n\nGAMMA AQUILAE is the deployment of a CRYPTOGRAPHIC GOVERNMENT (Code named SINGULARITY) and people will submit to it, because THEY control it.\n\nIn return for all of this power, you grant me a lifetime licence to hunt down and kill ALL those responsible for this happening. THAT is MY TENDER FOR LAW. PERFECT GOVERNMENT, that YOU CONTROL.\n\nSound \"crazy\"? You said that about BitCoin once. Now Crypto-Currencies are here to stay. What OTHER monsters are charging toward Tokyo? \nMy \"Licence\" is built into the protocol. It won't allow the government to intervene, and will assist in CERTAIN cases. People will work for/use the government when THEY want. It's TAMPER-PROOF, and SECURE between ALL POINTS.\n\nFuck YOU, with your \"I don't give you freedom\" crap. I give POWER too.'\n\nFor those curious, here's a brief description of the intent behind MAIDSAFE, enabling decentralised internet once more, mentioned above:\n\nhttp://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2014-01/27/maidsafe-bitcloud\n\nIf THIS is not THE MAIDSAFE referred to, or not the intent of MAIDSAFE, then I apologise.",
   "created_time": "2014-03-08T10:12:03+0000"
 }
