 {
   "id": "549499211752682",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_548989741803629",
   "from_name": "Lei Gh",
   "message": "And I ain't as stupid as you look. :P\n\nDear Sirs,\nI'm in the process of renewing my passport, and still cannot believe this. How is it that Bell-Alliant has my address and telephone number and knows that I bought a friggin satellite dish from them back in 1977, and yet, the Canadian Government is st ill asking me where I was friggin born and on what date.\n\nFor Christ sakes, do you guys do this by hand? My birth date you have on my pension checks, and it is on all the income tax forms I've filed for the past 30 years. It is on my Health card, my driving license, my car insurance, on the last eight damn passports I've had, on all those stupid customs declaration forms I've had to fill out before being allowed off the plane over the last 30 years, and all those insufferable census forms.\n\nWould somebody please take note, once and for all, that my mother's name is Mary Anne, my father's name is Robert and I'd be abso-fliping-lutely astounded if that ever changed between now and when I die!!!!!!\n\nI apologise, I'm really pissed off this morning. Between you an' me, I've had enough of this bullshit! You send the application to my house, then you ask me for my fricking address!!!!\n\nWhat is going on? Do you have a gang of Neanderthal arseholes workin' there? Look at my damn picture. Do I look like Bin Laden? I don't want to dig up Yasser Arafat, for shit sakes. I just want to go and park my arse on some sandy beach somewhere. And would someone please tell me, why would you give a shit whether I plan on visiting a farm in the next 15 days? If I ever got the urge to do something weird to a chicken or a goat, believe you me, you'd be the last f-ing people I'd want to tell!\n\nWell, I have to go now, 'cause I have to go to the other end of the friggin city to get another f-ing copy of my birth certificate, to the tune of $80. Would it be so complicated to have all the services in the same spot to assist in the issuance of a new passport the same day??\n\nNooooooooooooo, that'd be too damn easy and maybe make sense. You'd rather have us running all over the flippin' place like chickens with our heads cut off, then have to find some arsehole to confirm that it's really me on the damn picture - you know, the one where we're not allowed to smile?! (bureaucratic frickin' morons) Hey, do you know why we couldn't smile if we wanted to? Because we're totally pisse d off!\n\nSigned\nAn Irate Canadian Citizen.\n\nP.S. Remember what I said above about the picture and getting someone to confirm that it's me? Well, my family has been in Newfoundland since 1497 and I've been a Canadian Citizen since 1949 .......... I have served in the military for something over 30 years and have had full security clearances over 25 of those years enabling me to undertake highly secretive missions all over the world.\n......... However, I have to get someone 'important' to verify who I am - you know, someone like my doctor - WHO WAS BORN AND RAISED IN FRICKING PAKISTAN!!!",
   "created_time": "2013-08-17T09:37:26+0000"
 }
