 {
   "id": "462493170453287_910235395679060",
   "created_time": "2015-12-03T06:39:57+0000",
   "updated_time": "2015-12-04T13:18:09+0000",
   "from_name": "Lou Manotti",
   "from_id": "366697126854837",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "POSTED ON A THREAD DEAN CLIFFORD WAS LYING ON:\n\nI do believe Dean Clifford is trying to say Scott Duncan knows nothing about Law and Money.\n\nStrange. I could have sworn we watched him literally MAKE NEW MONEY. Oh that's right, Dean said he was \"crazy\".\n\nThose of us who listened want for nothing. Dean robbed you with his lies and will continue to do so, it seems.\n\nHere in REALITY, if your signature is not on it, IT'S NOT YOUR MONEY.\n\nDean will lie to you about what a signature means. Here in REALITY it means Understanding and SURETY.\n\nDean Clifford thinks all other trusts, contracts or property rights, except his, should be ignored. Scott Duncan just explains what the Legal Documents are. He claims no \"magic\" or \"authority\" in them.\n\nIt's irrelevant, really.\n\nThe record is clear: Dean Clifford sells bullshit. Literally SELLS it (I think the Hamilton Seminar folk need a refund) and what did it get you? ).\n\nScott Duncan gave ANSWERS and a way out. Those that listened to him in 2010 became comically wealthy off of the money (500 BTC) Scott Duncan GAVE them when he taught them how to receive their first payment. For those curious; That's about $180,000 USD today.\n\nDean Clifford wasn't interested, and proceeded to hide what Scott Duncan was doing. I believe \"crazy\" was the word he used?\n\nNow, here he is, lying about money and law, again.\n\nTHE TENDER FOR LAW has answered every question and shown everyone what to do. Three years that group has been around. Dean was even IN it for the first year; Right up until he was carted off to the Fortress of Remand! :D\n\nWaste your time listening to Wolverine Cosplay Guy, or listen to those who tell you the truth. Your choice.\n\nAs Scott Duncan often says, \"Reality doesn't care what you believe\". In reality, Scott Duncan showed you YEARS ago, how to make your own currency and bank. Now the pinned post is some cute chick explaining it.\n\nAsk yourself what the next 5 years will be like for Dean Clifford and his ever growing stack of lies. It's pretty predictable.\n\nNow ask yourself what Scott Duncan's same half-decade will be like. I watched that man secure people's futures. He asked nothing in return. NOTHING. He asks for your time and attention. He doesn't want to hear about your delusions or beliefs (Those are why you are being exploited) and won't let you pick and choose the parts you like.\n\n2016 will be a VERY interesting year. We have NO obligations, oaths, or undertakings outside our original mandate. This means Scott Duncan is free to do as he wishes. No restrictions. It means he can tell you things he hasn't told you before. \n\nIf you thought building your own currency/bank  was \"crazy\", you're going to think the insanity of this next 3 years, lacks a word describing that level of \"crazy\"; Banks and Currencies are just the start. Next comes the deployment of the OVERLAY network!\n\nDon't know/care what that is? YOUR LOSS!\n\nFree isn't good enough for you people, it seems. We NEED this part adopted/deployed, so we will PAY you to use it. USE it. Nothing else. No ads. No spyware. No catch. ALL of it will be OPEN SOURCE so you can TRUST and VERIFY what you are running is acting ONLY in your interest, and ONLY at your request.\n\nYou will be providing key infrastructure that cannot be spied on, or shut down, by ANYONE. It will connect you to 3 \"black\" networks so you can be untraceable and have instant access to \"deep web\" sites. It will also be the only place where you can get the next opportunities.\n\nBitcoin was a freebie. Like a crack dealer. The next ones you are going to have to work for.\n\nListen to a lying butt-hurt free-dumber, or listen to THE TENDER FOR LAW. \n\nThe internet NEVER forgets.\n\nTell us, Dean...",
   "link": "https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=448473148677234&set=gm.910235395679060&type=3",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "photo",
   "place": "None"
 }
