 {
   "id": "879118395457427",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_879077275461539",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "HEY LOOK! It's in the motherfucking archive server! :D\n\nMarch 7th 2012, Tara Duncan wrote:\n\nWe had a little incident this evening where Andrew, visiting and esteemed guest, commented on a \"friend's\" wall, received a response from the moniker Benjamin II (epic name by the way in conversations about kings) and commented as follows:\n\nIt went basically like this.\n\n.....\n\n\"Andrew:  The signed under duress argument fails in that the king signed as a condition of surrender where he got to keep his thrown.  Otherwise they would have just killed him or thrown him into a dungeon for the rest of his days.  Either way, the Magna Carta is the foundation of law.  Learn the history before you parrot bullshit that hater's spew to make themselves themselves look smart.  It only proves their ignorance.\n\nBenjamin II: The Magna Carta was a life document, as long as that king was alive so was it, the MC is just a reference or a relic in time.\n\nAndrew: And you are full of shit.\"\n\nAndrew was then rebuked, albeit somewhat anonymously in the general forum for an \"inappropriate comment\". Receiving this Andrew mentioned the contents of the thread to us and asked if we could add some value to the conversation.  So, we're off.  Andrew adds Scott and Roguesupport to the group, \"Lifting the veil with Cari-Lee\", so we can participate in the conversation.\n\nMoments pass, the request is pending administrator approval.  And pending administrator approval.  And denied.  No explanation.\n\nAnd then there is a private message to Andrew, the \"Private, oh so private, private message.\"\n\n\"As much as \"I\" appreciate Scott and Rogue...my group won't be able to handle them just yet.\"\n\nI'll take a shot at translating here in case this isn't completely clear.  \n\n\"While \"I\" am enlightened and liberal, my group might be offended or have their little feelings hurt by people who speak the truth and don't pull any punches.  After all, while we seek the truth, we need to do it in the absence of reality, where there is only love and good wishes, political correctness, and no bad words.\"\n\nWell it has been a while since we heard one of these.  But there have been a million of them.\n\nThinking back there was the time at a party when my friend, after hearing a comment which was generally misunderstood, apologised on my behalf with the memorable sentence, \"Don't mind her, she's just weird\".  I should point out that while I was fairly popular at the time my friend was not.  The general sentiment, in fact the explicit instruction, was that I was wanted at this event, but she wasn't welcomed to attend. She was at this party, and every other party we attended because I told my group that this girl was my friend and I would not come without her.  Love me, love my dog.  Thanks for that former friend.\n\nThen there was another occasion when Scott and I were at a party hosted by one of his good friends.  Scott and I were sitting and talking to several people when a pretty, but large, well, pretty large really, girl sat down and joined in the conversation.  Scott, hearing her speak, turned to her and asked, \"Are you Dawn's (host's girlfriend) sister?  Apparently the tone and inflection of her speech made this a distinct possibility.  But somehow this was deemed a completely inappropriate comment and she stormed off alerting our host to some real or imagined travesty.  It was impossible for us to discuss the situation with him when confronted and we eventually decided to leave.  Scott's best friend found it easier to believe we had slighted the largish and relatively uninteresting woman (who later turned out to have serious emotional issues comparing herself to her blonde, graceful sister) than to listen to the truth.  He later apologised when he more fully understood the dynamic between the sisters. But in later years, despite his penchant for political correctness, I came to realize he was a profoundly duplicitous and ignorant man.  Goodbye former friend.\n\nThen there was my best friend's wedding.  Scott was uninvited when he tried to explain the reality of his situation to my friend...immigration scam, 6 months at the outset, you know the drill.  Under the circumstances I had to inform my friend that neither of us would attend.  He came to his senses, we attended the blessed event without incident, and were there for him about six months later when the whole thing came to an end.\n\nI could go on really, with a hundred examples where we were not good enough to join \"your\" party.  But the truth is, you're not good enough to join ours.  There is no truth in telling someone those jeans do not make your ass look fat regardless of how it initially makes you feel.  Maybe this information, which you already know by the way, will send you into an emotional turmoil leading to your pathetic suicide.  But maybe, just maybe, you'll examine yourself realistically, eat a sensible diet, exercise, and be able to see yourself in a new light.\n\nI could go on here, but what would be the point?  Truth is truth.  Reality is reality.  Popping into other people's conversations for a little titillation, living on the wild side, or seeking personal edification while at the same time shunning those same people in your private venues, because they're not quite good enough, strikes me as somewhat narrow-minded and duplicitous, but we will not judge you for it.  We're all about full disclosure and it would be mean-spirited to keep you out because we don't think you make the grade.\n\nI should mention that Andrew did not tell us about your oh, so private message.  If your traffic is going through our network, your illusion of privacy is a joke. \n\nYou're still welcomed to chat on our Facebook groups, your issues notwithstanding, with all our reality and bad words.\n\nBut seriously, \"Lifting the veil?\"  Maybe, \"Embracing the veil and arranging it until only a tiny opening exists for a partial view of reality while wearing rose-coloured glasses\", would be more appropriate for you.\n\n----\n\nEnd :D",
   "created_time": "2015-09-10T04:07:23+0000"
 }
