 {
   "id": "462493170453287_594014967301106",
   "created_time": "2013-11-30T02:41:35+0000",
   "updated_time": "2016-03-17T16:37:14+0000",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "from_id": "1.01539996628005E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'} {u'name': u'Lou Manotti', u'id': u'366697126854837'}]",
   "message": "The Ceit HAULS ASS in court thread, and a lil' Lou on Affidavits TOO...\n\nChris Evan: Tom Davies, I did this twice. Released on Personal Recognizance means one signed a BAIL BOND as SURETY. That is all!!! They don't just let you go because you said so, you HAVE to sign it.\n\nCeit Butler: Look, signing is NOT a problem if you know HOW to sign. I got out on bail in my case. Guess who told me how to sign? Dean Clifford. Sign: By:____________ RESTRICTED SIGNATURE, RESTRICTED CAPACITY\n\nAnd draw a box around the entire thing...that REMOVES it from the document. (You know, I'm PRETTY sure I already said this.)\n\nCeit Butler: As for your \"magic document\"....the Notice of Mistake is the closest you'll find, for IN court. But ONLY if you all start fucking using it properly! It's NOT just a document.\n\nIf at ANY time while you're speaking, you feel you've stepped into their jurisdiction by accepting SURETY, you throw out a VERBAL Notice of Mistake: \"If I have led this court to believe that I am a paryt with SURETY in this matter, then that would be a MISTAKE. and please forgive me\".\n\nAnd responding to \"You\" is the biggest one. Let them know right from the start that as the Sole Beneficiary of the BIRTH CERTIFICATE BOND, you wish to solely be addressed as \"insert regular old first name here\". And ANYONE who doesn't address you by THAT NAME ONLY, EVERY time that they speak to you, you respond \"Are you addressing me? As the SOLE BENEFICIARY, I wish to solely be addressed as:___\"\n\nCeit Butler: Say it as MANY times as you like. (and any time that they RECESS, that resets everything so IMMEDIATELY repeat everything again when they come back!)\n\nMake sure the verbal Notice of Mistake is the very LAST thing that you say before they finish up, so it's the LAST THING on the record and wipes clean any SURETY that may have you accidentally fumbled into.\n\nCeit Butler: Sign the RIGHT way at your bail hearing and get the fuck out so that you're actually able to handle things properly.\n\nTake the disclosure, read all the LOVELY things that it states on the front, that you are agreeing to by accepting these documents.\n\nSTAPLE (so it becomes part of the document and cannot be removed) a Notice of Mistake, neatly, onto the top of the front page and MAIL THAT FUCKER BACK, as declined. \n\nCeit Butler: Then you work on your first document. Notice of Questions for the Court.\n\nAddress every question that you need answered in order to UNDERSTAND the NATURE and CAUSE of these PROCEEDINGS. Also include your Affidavit of Status with this document.\n\nHave everything nicely organized with tabs seperating each document, a cover and spiral-bound at your local copy place.\n\nIt's a LEGAL DOCUMENT...so make it fucking look like one. You don't want to be treated like a joke in court? Then don't give them ANY excuse to.\n\nInclude the Notice of Mistake in a tab marked EXHIBIT #1 in the back. It has already been submitted when you sent the DISCLOSURE back by REGISTERED MAIL (with NO return address!). Give them 10 days to respond, have your documents NOTARIZED and mail it in.\n\nCeit Butler: When the 10 days expire, you send them a CERTIFICATE of NON RESPONSE and OPPORTUNITY to CURE. Give them 5 ADDITIONAL days to settle this HONOURABLY. This way THEY are the ones creating CONTROVERSY.\n\nCeit Butler: Include ALL previously submitted documents thus far, in new tabs in the back. These (are) PROOF now.\n\nCeit Butler: When the 5 days expire, you send them a NOTICE of DEFAULT.\n\nAgain, everything professionally spiral-bound, tabs, covers, and type it out in the correct format. Look at samples of legal documents, pay attention to how they are laid out.\n\nEverybody clear now?!\n\nCeit Butler: And make sure every new document states that UNLESS these questions are answered, you cannot UNDERSTAND the NATURE and CAUSE of these PROCEEDINGS.\n\nCeit Butler: Perhaps you missed this part:\n\n\"You don't want to be treated like a joke in court? Then don't give them ANY excuse to.\"\n\nChris Evan: \"These PROOF now\" Ceit, what exactly do you mean by this sentence? Just that the Exhibits are now proof?\n\nCeit Butler: You've mailed them to the COURT CLERK, by REGISTERED MAIL, (oh, sorry, and include copies of your postal receipts with the signature of the party who accepted them) and they are UNREBUTTED.\n\nCeit Butler: Other than filling up the thread with useless bullshit, destracting from the ACTUAL CONTENT, and making sure that anyone new who may be browsing will immediately dismiss the thread?\n\nBecause that's the only possible \"point\" that I can see. (She WASNT speaking to Chris Evan here)\n\nChris Evan: Ok...thanks. And we are Noticing the Court Clerk and NOT the Prosecuting Attorney, is this correct?\n\nCeit Butler: Send it the CLERK. And make sure each document also states that if the QUESTIONS are not answered, then it is you WISH/REQUIRE and DEMAND that this matter be DISCHARGED.\n\nCeit Butler: How about restricting the Grade-School BULLSHIT to personal chats?\n\nI was mistakenly under the impression that you all wanted to learn something.\n\nI am going over the steps from my case with you because I thought you were finally at levels of understanding that would allow you to grasp this.\n(Posting every back in July would have been like handing a loaded shotgun to a 2 year old.)\nAgain, clearly mistaken.\n\nChris Evan: Out of curiosity, why wouldn't we send it to our adversary...the person bringing the charges?\n\nCeit Butler: You send it to the CLERK...the person in charge of the court file and the PUBLIC RECORD. Send a copy to the CROWN ATTORNEY as well, if you like. I had additional copies with me when I went to court. That way, if they tried to claim they had not received them, I could KINDLY provide them with one. (Aren't I nice? )\n\nCeit Butler: I also submitted a notorazied, colour copies, (front and back) of my BIRTH CERTIFICATE with the first document and had extra copies when I went to court.\n\nCeit Butler: If you act in HONOUR the entire time, then the COURT is the only one creating CONTROVERSY.\n\nEamonn O Brien: Rather than shouting about how one is a man... \n\nCeit Butler: That's why ANY error, such as the COURT presuming that YOU are the PARTY with SURETY, you CLEARLY accept as being your fault and you ASK FORGIVENESS....because they HAVE to grant it. \n\nCeit Butler: \"If have led this COURT to believe that I am a PARTY with SURETY in this matter, then that would be a MISTAKE, and please FORGIVE me\".\n\nCeit Butler: It's not \"THEIR fault\" that you forgot to mention that you weren't the LEGAL PERSON, they're simply operating on presumptions. The burden of correcting that error lies on you.\n\nThat's how you have to treat it.\n\nCeit Butler: It is the CLERK's responsibility to enter all DOCUMENTS into the file. That's why you send it there.\n\nCeit Butler: Yes. Now, I went to my first appearance, stated my status as the SOLE BENEFICIARY and that I wish to be solely addressed as KATHRYN.\n\nThe JUSTICE did that, no arguement, which means he just ACQUIESCED and TACITLY AGREED that I am in FACT the SOLE BENEFICIARY.\n\nI then ordered the TRANSCRIPT and attached it as an EXHIBIT in each proceeding document as PROOF.\n\nCeit Butler: The JUSTICE attempted to enter a plea for me, three times, to which I responded \"I DO NOT CONSENT.\"\nThey'll try to trick you, just stand your ground. Do not consent, and NOTICE of MISTAKE.\n\n(Make sure you KEEP all your ORIGINAL notarized documents. Send them colour copies.)\n\nCeit Butler: Correction, send everything to the PROSECUTOR's office. (Sorry guys, I'm rushing here)\n\nCeit Butler: No problem. Things are...strange...\n\nI wanted to get at least the bare-bone basics out there.\n\nLou Manotti: YOU all need to understand the power of an affidavit.\n\nEamonn O Brien: An unrebutted one at that Lou \n\nLou Manotti: An unrebutted affidavit stands as a PUBLIC RECORD as TRUTH in LAW and COMMERCE.\n\nRobert Cormier: Scott told me/us to study notaries.\n\nCeit Butler: Send them to both, CLERK and PROSECUTOR.\n\nCeit Butler: As a BONUS, we have an object lesson!\n\nEamonn O Brien, you just failed the SURETY TEST!\n\n\"Please don't let one member's comments deter you from sharing Ceit. It's MUCH appreciated...\"\n\nAt NO point did I mention YOUR name, you just responded to \"you\" and accepted SURETY.\n\nTry to get your mind into the habit of spotting that when it happens, and it will seve you well.\n\nCeit Butler: Send everything, notarized copies, by REGISTERED MAIL. No return address.\n\nDerek Moran: \"[YOU] all need to understand the power of an affidavit.\"\n\nDoes this have anything to do with THIS Maxim-of-law, Lou?\n\nQui non negat fatetur. A person who does not deny\nadmits.\n\np.s.\nyou saw what i did there, right? \n\nDerek Moran: somebody on Scott's boat was pointing-out this very Maxim to me in regards to Affidavits- oh thats right, he said exactly - \"He who does not deny, admits\"...did i mention i was reminded of this Maxim on Scott's BOAT? ;)\n\nDerek Moran: This just off Norah's page:\n\n\"Norah Holloway\nSomeone just got a call from Dean Clifford. He was brought before the Chief Justice Chartier first thing this morning! Dean dropped his two sentence A-bomb stopped them in their tracks!\n\nDerek Moran: Knowing Dean, \"his two sentence A-bomb\" probably included:\n\n\"I AM REQUIRED TO INFORM YOU THAT FORCED COMPLIANCE TO ORDERS BY YOURSELF, AND/OR YOUR AGENTS, IS IN FACT, ACCEPTANCE of my Terms and Conditions.\"\n\nSecond sentence = \"Fellas...you're gonna want that cowbell\"\n\nCeit Butler: Because, as Lou ALSO just said early, the power lies in the fact that :\" An unrebutted affidavit stands as a PUBLIC RECORD as TRUTH in LAW and COMMERCE.\"\n\nCeit Butler: Silence is aquiescence. If the court does NOT rebut any of the facts stated in your affidavit, then they have TACITLY AGREED with them.\n\nIf you DO end up in the courtroom, reading your Affidavit out loud gets it on the PUBLIC RECORD. State afterwards that \"For the record, the COURT has tacitly agreed that I <insert previous statements>\".\n\nPete Daoust: The truth of an affidavit jams their fucking lies \n\nDerek Moran: OOH- regarding Affidavits, on Scott's boat it was made CLEAR.....ONLY, send, the court, PHOTOCOPIES\n\nWE keep the ORIGINAL...the court gets a PHOTOCOPY.....has to do with COPYHOLD, you dont want the court getting their hands on the ORIGINAL...the AUTHOR is the AUTHORITY...so handing over the ORIGINAL to the court is BAD - would you concur, [Ill]Lou Manotti?\n\nLou Manotti: only send THEM photocopies of your documents (certification unnecessary).You retain ALL original documentation.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
