 {
   "id": "686890691346866",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_686792848023317",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Lawful Man remains anonymous without hostile intent, just like MOST of the lurkers here.\n\nThose with idiotic numbers of subscribed groups probably only read a fraction of what is here. (seriously, If you subscribe to 300 groups, you are NOT reading ANY of them, really.)\n\nAnonymous communication is actually RARELY hostile, which is why you REALLY notice it when they are.\n\nThe thing you have to know about those trolls is that it is THEY that have the \"psychological disorder\" they keep labeling others with. If you are telling the truth, you don't need to hide. People like \"Troll for Truth\" are schizophrenic inasmuch as they tend to brag about their \"multiple personalities\" that they create for...\n\n...well they don't have a REASON. They seek attention, and look for coattails to ride, because they have no real purpose or identity. They don't make/do anything with the little knowledge and/or skill they have. \n\nDo you REALLY think \"troll for truth\" actually gives a shit about TRUTH?  Robert Menard? \nOr ME for that matter?\n\nAnonymous accusations are ALWAYS an attempt to social-engineer others to hostile action, so they can get others to do what they want done, and then run away with the \"they did it, not me\" attitude. This gives them the illusion of \"control\".\n\nPeople like myself, who DON'T hide, and actually teach others (at no cost) are who, people like \"troll for truth\" kind, hate the most. They hate that I'm not manipulating and/or brainwashing anyone. \n\nSo they accuse me of it. \n\nIt's all they know, so in their head, it MUST just be an act, on my part. ANY other possibility eludes them.\n\nThey hate that I actually DID something with my life, and they didn't. It's impossible, in their minds, that I could POSSIBLY be what I say, so they accuse me of lying.\n\nI've run into this shit since the days of the dial-up BBS. The things I get accused of \"lying\" about are, at first, the real things (Navy, Corporations, etc), until reality proves them wrong... then they just make shit up.\n\nTara Duncan has actually read postings that said she doesn't exist and is a figment of my imagination... usually because the author of such idiocy, can't believe such an incredible woman exists. Even the sack of shit, Menard is forced to acknowledge what an extraordinary woman she is.\n\nFor SIX MONTHS I let that accusation go unanswered. I let people who actually knew us, provide the refutation... Those people were accused of being \"fake accounts\" and \"blind followers\" (Sound Familiar?), but eventually reality catches up on its own. No effort is required.\n\nThen they get confused as to why she spends her life with ME, in MY little empire... because they have constructed so many lies about me, they can't see anything else. Their construct is REAL to them, and they never notice that their construct is made up by their own trolling.\n\nREALITY DOESN'T CARE. Neither should you.\n\nHere in REALITY, Menard's revenue stream is threatened, so the half-truths, and lies of ommission, that they usually post, are mutating into outright lies. The desperation is almost palpable! :D\n\nI don't promote this group (or the several others that you probably don't know about), nor do I \"invite\" people here. EVERY ONE OF YOU came of your own volition with NO prompting from me. I'm not making bullshit videos about people, and everything I DO write is first-hand knowledge/testimony.\n\nI do not hide the fact that this group serves my agenda. The trolls say that's a bad thing (like hiding it is FAR more ethical), and squawk about it constantly. I don't really hide WHAT that agenda is... and people are building their own banks here! (Notice they NEVER mention that?) If you get freedom through knowledge and understanding, does it really matter what my agenda is? REALLY?\n\n...yet they will squawk words like \"cult member\" and \"blind follower\" when you try to defend your position. Don't bother. Reality doesn't care, and neither should you. Those of you who haven't rocketed ahead, like Pete Daoust should learn from him...just like I intended. That's the ONLY price I ask; SHOW OTHERS, using KNOWLEDGE and UNDERSTANDING.\n\nTHAT IS my agenda. SERVE IT! DON'T LEAVE PEOPLE BEHIND.\n\nIf you get a HUGE reward from what I teach, TEACH OTHERS, like a good little simu-drone. ;)\n\nhttp://youtu.be/6TAWFML2544",
   "created_time": "2014-06-28T08:34:39+0000"
 }
