 {
   "id": "616803788355557",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_616320735070529",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "...you guys are moving a little slow in the whole \"getting a fucking clue\" thing, though. At this rate, you will be saying in about 10 years, \"We need to collapse the economy and start a war\"....and I'll have already done it.\n\nI'm not concerned about it. I'll accomplish that, with or without your help, people. At the moment, claims of \"collapsing the economy and start a war\" is just nothing but the crazy rantings of some weird computer guy with boats (which is ALSO what I want) but all of you range from \"he's nuts but has some good points\" to \"holy fuck, this guy is going to do it\", depending on how much work you put into actually reading what I say. This makes you vulnerable.\n\nAlready the governments know what I'm doing, but they are a little lacking in the \"how\" knowledge to do anything to stop me. They find out too late.\n\nThe next thing to happen is that people like you will be detained and released. You will be questioned about... ME. I know how frustrated government workers act. You hear me talk about the idiocy of government workers, but even I was unaware of how stupid they were. I fully expected HALF of the things I've set up over the past 20 years to be discovered and neutralized... They found ONE  ...and that was an accident. They don't even grasp what they neutralized.",
   "created_time": "2014-01-26T07:28:10+0000"
 }
