 {
   "id": "516978471671423",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_516917871677483",
   "from_name": "Pete Daoust",
   "message": "How To Get Bitcoins A beginners guide on where to buy your first bitcoins.\n\nHow do I get bitcoins is one of the most commonly asked questions by new users. Although the process may seem confusing at first it is not as difficult as it might appear initially. \n\nStep 1. Create a Bitcoin wallet.\n\nA bitcoin wallet is website or program which you can use to hold store bitcoins and make transactions. This website offers a free wallet service, sign up takes a few seconds and all you need is a password. Simply click the start a new wallet button at the top of the page. Alternatively you can use the official bitcoin.org desktop client however some setup time is involved. \n\nStep 2. Locate Your Bitcoin Address.\n\nOnce you have created a bitcoin wallet login and click receive money or receive coins. On this page will be a \"bitcoin address\" which is 34 - 36 character long and starts with 1. This address is all you need to receive payments. \n\nStep 3. Buy With Cash.\n\nGo to the Blockchain.info homepage and enter your bitcoin address from Step 2. into the search box. This will take you to a page which will show all transactions made to and from your new address, however as this address is new nothing will be displayed yet. \n\nClick the deposit with cash button and enter the amount you wish to buy in the",
   "created_time": "2013-05-25T22:24:38+0000"
 }
