 {
   "id": "514995938536343",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_509592139076723",
   "from_name": "Shawn Folkes",
   "message": "....and how many grammatical and syntax errors did I count...in the OP? TOO MANY! \n\"He who is without sin, let him cast the first stone\"...\nOr, simply put, those that live in glass houses should NOT throw stones! \n\nThere is, however, a point to be made. And therein lies the conundrum. Often good points are lost in the delivery. \n\nThat point is that we have, rather quickly, devolved our language collectively, as we have unlearned our language. We have, as Scott states, become... lazy fucks. We just type away relying on autocorrects and not really giving a fuck to actually THINK when we use things like \"there\", their\", and/or \"they're\", for example. We are crunched for time as well, multitasking or texting thumb-style as we drive, commute, eat shit ( see how the meaning just changed because I was too lazy to notice I missed the comma) or watch or pirated porn, as we type away using this new fucked up cyber language (lmfaorofl), our defence being a feeble \"figure it out\"....like people have a literary crystal ball.\n\nI too have fallen into this trap, mainly because I have BIG hands and these tiny fucking cells are hard to type on, and autocorrect is often guessing, and ISN'T correct... plus, with a fucking SUSPENDED LICENCE...I ride a shit load of buses...so yeah, I'm just as guilty at times as well....(especially over using the elipsis...) we all must strive, however, to do better! If the way we wrote online was exactly how our kids learned to write, our next generation will be a bunch of confusing shits! Scott's right... this shit must stop. Starting with us. You and I.",
   "created_time": "2013-05-20T10:33:19+0000"
 }
