 {
   "id": "462493170453287_618004378235498",
   "created_time": "2014-01-29T02:45:42+0000",
   "updated_time": "2014-01-29T18:39:27+0000",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "from_id": "927379467328526",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "A few words on the subject of fraud...\n\nWikipedia defines fraud as \"a deception deliberately practiced in order to secure unfair or unlawful gain\".  \n\nWith that in mind, I remind you, the collective reader, that I am in fact smarter, better educated and more knowledgeable than you.  This is not arrogance nor it it ego, it is simply fact.  This gives me a tremendous advantage over all of you.  I could defraud the lot of you and you wouldn't even notice.  Hell, some of you would probably even thank me.\n\nThis little framework I've drawn out for you here is the primary reason that people fear those who are smarter than they are.  \n\nSuccessful fraud artists tend to be masters of the human condition, not masters of knowlege and intellect.  They know THAT their frauds work, but they don't know why.  I, on the other hand, know that frauds work; and I know why they work.  A fraud artist does not.\n\nBelow you will see an article by the James Randi Educational Foundation showing examples of deception with no personal gain.  The people who do these sorts of things are the ones that are predisposed to commit frauds against others.  The same guy that puts up the giant squid washing up on the beach in California, has an identical mindset to those committing the sub-prime mortgage frauds.   These people exploit the very programming I am fighting.  My familiar ancestors are responsible for all of this, but they're dead now so they can't really be called to account.  \n\nYou are quite literally programmed from beyond the grave.\n\nWhen I was thirteen I laid my claim to the Trust that caused all of this.  I am not one of them, and I am not one of you; but I certainly don't stand alone.  My own personal feelings and this Trust to which I have dedicated a lifetime's work, are constantly at odds.  It would be so easy for me to turn on all of you and take everything. \n\nSo I guess the question is, \"Why don't I?\"  I have a long list of failures, from light-weights like Derek Moran (circle-jerking to clubhouse rules), to Robert Menard choosing fraud over trust to...the strange pattern that seems to indicate that anyone named \"Andrew\" is functionally useless, to the people who are actually doing everything in their power to sabotage my initiatives.\n\nAs I've stated before there is no \"secret\" knowledge around here.  I'll never charge anybody money for the time I use to impart this knowledge.  And quite frankly, I'm in a better position than anybody because I know how everything works.  Unlike all the gurus out there charging money, I actually know the answers, and am doing something about it.\n\nIt would be so much easier for me to exploit the knowledge I have for my own personal gain.  So again, \"Why don't I?\"\n\nThe answer is simple - Aquilae, a trust for which I am the keeper.  People TRUST me.  This is something I ponder all the time.  A trust cannot have debt; and from a bookkeeping perspective the TRUSTEES owe me substantially more than I owe them.  I often wonder to myself why it is that I find the idea of betraying their trust so horrifying.  Those that know me know that I have rather \"binary\" emotions.  I'm either angry, or I'm not angry.  I am happy, or I am not happy.  There is no middle ground.  I know from a personal standpoint that I could kill a justice in the most horrifying way and feel nothing.  So why don't I?  It's not as though side-stepping government workers would be a big challenge.  To a lesser extent all of you TRUST me, but that's only because I provide you with actual answers.  \n\nI'm sure there are more than a few of you out there that are thinking, \"What's the catch\"?  I have even explained that.  All of you are part of a larger mechanism, and I've made no secret of the fact that I intend to collapse the banking system and start a war.  I also intend to eliminate all the participants in the most spectacularly horrifying ways.  \n\nAnd I intend to do it legally and lawfully - without breaching the TRUST.  I mean harm to all fraud artists, be it in the government or the private sector. I'm coming for all of you; and as you can see I've not been quiet about it.\n\nThe Law Society destroyed a lifetime's work, and interrupted my life plan, and I intend to return the favour.  \n\nOne of the possible scenarios is that I could end up in charge...of everything (note: if that happens I shall issue a degree that all legal matters are to be handled by realestate agents).  But...I hope that doesn't happen, because there will be public executions in Nathan Phillips Square.  \n\nLet's examine the tactical situation.  I'm the Admiral.  Everybody sees me.  I am the \"public face\", and I tend to raise more questions than I answer simply by telling the truth.  Several thousand posts ago I mentioned the sure-fire way to rob a jewelry store without getting caught: set off a nuke on the other side of town and nobody will give a shit about the jeweler.  I am that nuke!  I am who the \"Powers that Be\" are focused on, which means they're focused on the wrong thing.  \n\nHow does this relate to TRUST?  Think of all those that have \"boots on the ground\".  The people that intend to rob the jeweler store are dependent on the nuke to make their plans feasible.  They TRUST the nuke to the point where they can rely on it.  And all of this is happening in plain sight, and all that can be connected to it is some crazy guy on the internet in a secret Facebook group. \n\n If a \"law enforcement official\" questions any of you about \"Admiral Scott\" be sure to tell them...tell them everything.  Because anyone who asks that question is attempting to sabotage my initiative, but they're government workers, so of course they're focused on the wrong thing.  Just like the rest of you.\n \n It's not your fault, you were programmed that way.  You are programmed to believe in \"imaginary sky daddies\" (that we invented).  You are programmed to believe that people in costumes have magic powers, and you're programmed to believe that there are some magical words that you can say that will get the government off your back.  You go looking for answers from the Dean Cliffords and Robert Menards of the world and end up spending a lot of time, effort and money, on half-truths, non-answers and the ever-present hope of them revealing their \"secrets\".  \n \n I don't have any secret knowledge, at least nothing that pertains to you.  In THE TENDER FOR LAW and THE ANSWER TO EVERYTHING, you have limited access to all of my knowledge, but only if you ask the right questions.  Government workers are asking these questions right now.  I'm not one of these fucking FREE-DUMBERS.  Contracts are LAW.  They are a TRUST.  If one of the parties in that contract, or TRUSTEES, breached that contract, it is my right to detach myself from said contract as it is in fact VOID.  If I'm told I own something, then I fucking own it.  There's no such thing as conditional ownership unless you agree.  I pay all my taxes.  I pay all my bills.  But the system is broken, and there's nothing I can do about that.  Except prove it.\n \nFor the past five years I have documented absolutely everything.  I can substantiate every single one of my claims to the point where it is irrefutable.  I know that the only way any of these people will ever be called to account is if they're beaten to death on the street, and that is my eventual goal.  It won't come from anything that I have published, or will publish...that will just be the spark that ignites the fuse.  All of this will happen simply by telling the truth.\n\nThis comes at high personal cost, and every day I ponder slitting a lawyer's throat, or torturing them for days inside a shipping container; but that would breach the TRUST which I have sworn to uphold.  \n\nThis makes me better than every government worker that has ever existed.\n\nThis is what the nobility should be.  The nobility is called \"privileged\" and has higher standing because the people are supposed to TRUST them.  I also know that I'm a semi-evolved chimp that made it this far, just like you, so I must remain forever vigilant.  \n\nNobody stomps on a burning bag of shit anymore.  Frauds need to be as complex as the one that deceived you in the first place.  The cornerstone of this mechanism is to get ignorant third-parties to endorse the fraud.  This is very effective if MOST of what they are saying is true.  The masters of this, like Robert Menard, lie through omission.  I can say with the utmost certainty that none of you knew what THIS NOTE IS LEGAL TENDER meant before you came here. \n\n None of this is hidden.  You all think wrong, and value the wrong things.  It's not your fault, you were programmed that way.  You are blind people who swear you can see.  Stop assisting the fraud.  Stop spreading fraud.  Anyone who claims to have \"secret knowledge\" is a fraud.  Right now you guys are practicing on DOGE coin.  If this were a math class you'd be learning to add right now; and I need to get you up to the level where you can do advanced calculus.  Those who are actually paying attention and listening to me will notice that I always give away the answer at the beginning.  At a higher level fractal that's the same as the Great American novel.  I tell you what you're going to read, then I let you know you're reading it, then I tell you what you just read.  I choose the authoring style of the dumbest population on the planet - Americans.  It doesn't matter if you live in Canada; you just have a watered-down version of the American system.  When you do things from the rather humiliating perspective of dumb programmed chimp, who is finally being told the truth, you will find this much easier and actually fun to do.\n \n Ask Pete, because unlike the rest of you who think I'm \"egotistical\" and \"arrogant\", people like Pete see reality.  I'm sure Pete will confirm this.  When you realize you're a dumb programmed chimp, you will also realize you don't want to be a dumb programmed chimp.  Every time I hear accusations of \"crazy\", \"arrogant\", and/or \"egotistical\", all my brain receives is \"I want to be a dumb programmed chimp\", and \"I'm proud to be a dumb programmed chimp, and so are all the other readers\".  \n \n Indirectly these people mean you harm.  You're just too dumb and programmed to see it.  The tingly sensation people feel in the group is me eliminating people who mean you harm, because you're not aware enough to do anything about it yourself.  I should point out that this is not an invitation to have a bunch of \"guru videos\" thrown at me with the question, \"What do you think of this?\"  Above all, what I think is really none of your fucking business.\n \n Focus on what I'm telling you, and stop spreading fraud.",
   "link": "http://notable.ca/nationwide/yp-life/Stopping-the-Spread-of-Phoney-Info-on-Social-Media/",
   "name": "Stopping the Spread of Phoney Info on Social Media",
   "caption": "notable.ca",
   "description": "Ok, it has to be said: No, Brad Pitt did not write that incredibly romantic story about Angelina. No, microwaving water does not make it harmful to plants. And no, a monster-sized squid did not wash up on a beach in California",
   "source": "",
   "type": "link",
   "place": "None"
 }
