 {
   "id": "555912471111356",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_555874271115176",
   "from_name": "Robert Cormier",
   "message": "Thanks Gail Blackman. As I see it, as much as we are \"in the right\" to \"pay\" bills this way, we will likely never be \"successful\", if we consider success to include: those whom WE request products and services from actually getting paid/compensated. I imagine that if we attempted to pay all our bills in this manner, eventually we would run out of dentists, limo drivers, cell phone companies, internet service providers who will to do business with us. While exhausting this list might take years in a larger community, in a small community, in a matter of weeks or less, a man or woman might find that not a single local company will provide them products or services. Nevertheless, my main point here is we live in a world of unilateral contracts. So, if you don't like unilateral contracts which holds the \"user\" (man/woman) as surety and includes a), b) and c), then do without those products or services. Get rid of your phone, internet, insurance. Don't use hospitals or drugs if you get extremely ill. Don't get your appendix out if it burst. <- Extreme example. Because if you do, all your rights seem to go out the window. In short, I don't want to limit my rights, but, I do value such services and products. It seems to be an ongoing catch 22 for us a TTFL. Much like us, these companies seem to say \"if you don't like our terms and the limitations they impose, then #$%^ off and go without.",
   "created_time": "2013-09-02T23:51:08+0000"
 }
