 {
   "id": "497070046995599",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_497054310330506",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "It appears that matter is already cleared, Dear Pierre. If a 3rd party is involved now, the mobile company probably covered their \"loss\" with an insurance EVERY account MUST have in case of \"default\". So, if they have \"sold\" the \"account\", they have legally ceased collecting from you. If you fail to rebut the presumption that somehow magically now you owe an unkown 3rd party some \"money\", it stands as true in their sick bullshit world. The only way to stablish HOW and WHO is LIABLE for anything, amoung 2 parties that have an issues is? A FREAKING CONTRACT! So you know for a FACT you have NEVER signed a contract with Commercial Credit Adjusters, so HOW COULD LAW APPLY TO YOU? You can be nice, and conditionally accept upon PROOF of claim (thats for pussies, in my opinion), or you can confidently tell them: SUE ME, GO AHEAD, YOU FRAUDULENT VAMPIRES! Because you have no contract with them, you can only assume liability if you CONSENT, and VOLUNTARY COMPLY to your MASTER. Remember this, LAW can ONLY apply to you if you have signed a contract with another party IN AGREEMENT clearly stating which laws will apply, and how matters will be solved in case of breach of that contract. So, the collection company DOES NOT have a VALID CLAIM because, by LAW, there MUST be a VALID CONTRACT between you 2. Now, having said that, how can you go to court (THE CROWN), Pierre, and CLAIM justice thru LAW, if you dont have a VALID CONTRACT WITH THE CROWN? Have you signed a VALID CONTRACT WITH THE CROWN accepting ALL their bullshit laws? And, if so, who is LIABLE at the other end just in case they breach the contract?",
   "created_time": "2013-03-28T14:49:31+0000"
 }
