 {
   "id": "505072639528673",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_497402933628977",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "message": "On entering the court, you aggressively make the first motion, that being, the RESERVATION OF YOUR RIGHTS. But since you're the only one in the courtroom with ACTUAL STANDING, you can be a total dick about it. You don't RESERVE YOUR RIGHTS, you RESERVE ALL RIGHTS! Not just yours, EVERYONE's. You remove everyone else's rights and give them to yourself. WHY? Because \"Fuck off that's WHY!\" You're the only one with STANDING.\n\nIf you HOLD the power, WIELD it...don't be such a pussy! If you're entitled to ALL RIGHTS, CLAIM THEM. This is how you do it.\n\nWhen the \"justice\" starts speaking, interrupt them. Say, \"Point of order!\" They will immediately be silent. At that point, state \"I believe I am the only party with standing, so barring objection from the court, I wish to RESERVE ALL RIGHTS now, and henceforth. Are there any objections from the court?\" As the court has no standing to respond, simply speak to the record as such, \"Let the record show that I have reserved all rights, and the court has not objected.\" At this point if they say anything to you, you simply say, \"Objection. The record shows that I have reserved all rights, and I have not granted you leave to speak. Why are you speaking?\"\n\nDo the same when opposing counsel attempts to speak. You will then be posed the question, \"How do you wish to proceed in this matter?\" for that is the one question a slave has the right to ask. What is their master's wish?",
   "created_time": "2013-04-21T17:51:44+0000"
 }
