 {
   "id": "505064402862830",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_497402933628977",
   "from_name": "Philip Laforet",
   "message": "Btw Scott the first time I was in front of Of a J.P. for bail and said POINT OF ORDER, I WISH TO RESSERVE ALL RIGHTS, they immediatly took a recess (like good little school kids) came back and decided that it was too hot for them.  They decidied to bring in an out of town J.P. and crown.  So On Monday last week I went before them, they were from london. Did the point of order thing etc, didn't work.  However I crossed examined their expert bail cop witness, got him right riled up.  The out of town crown fought like hell to keep me in custody.  We were in there from10:00 a.m. until 6:30 P.M. and I won!  Wanted to just walk out but got bail. A small victory, used the Notice of mistake, to no avail, yet.  The J.P. was a nice lady who said I had a very argueable case, but she was only there for bail purposes. She put the crown in his place a few times, especially when he said she (J.P.) had to put me on the stand!  She gave it to him!!  I was ambushed off the street (Stalked) no warrant, and one cop threatened to kick me in the head! I told him I would own his fucking house!!  No one wanted to deal with me, no finger prints no signing anything except the bail papers!! Scott you have unleashed a fucking Tiger!!  Thank you so much Sir!! Anyone who is able is welcomed to link thE Windsor Star Article, I don't know how, it was on Thursday I think.  Back to court on the 24th for some more fun and games!!",
   "created_time": "2013-04-21T17:20:15+0000"
 }
