 {
   "id": "675822872453648",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_674029985966270",
   "from_name": "Rick Hiltz",
   "message": "Here is the result from municipal court in  Beaverton as given by Brandi Litts...............................This morning David Lee and I got up to get ready to go to the rescue of one our fellow men. Shawn Warren Sovereign-King. He is being held against his will in the corrupt system that we are all facing. We left at around 6:30 am on a mission to bring Shawn forward. We arrived at Beaverton Municipal Court and I immediately began to write Shawns writ of habeus corpus after contacting the clerk of the court to get the case numbers so that I could properly complete it. I am pretty fast at completing claims and writs from experience unfortunately. David and I have been attacked like Shawn from every direction possible. I completed the writ and then went promptly upstairs to the mayors office to get it notarized panicking because court was to begin in 10 minutes; I had to go and file downstairs also. My heart was racing in anticipation to see my fellow mans face for the first time and making sure that we were there to stand up for him. Well we went to the court clerks window to file the writ; the look on her face was worth a million bucks; because she knew that we were there to stand up for Shawn. We asked her to file the writ and 2 conformed copies; she immediately took it back to Judge Rink to view. I knew she was up to something. When she came back to the window; David asked her to make sure the Judge received a copy and the prosecutor too. We then walked in to this corrupt disgusting court room and sat and waited to see our friend via video. Court was about 20 minutes late just long enough for everyone to read our writ. Finally as we sat there Shawn came up on the screen the only one on the docket by the way. They did not want an audience to hear what he was saying. He looked so tired and frustrated my heart went out to him. He was totally awesome Shawn stated\" Put a warrant out for the Judge hes late: everyone just ignored his pleas but us; He then further stated \" If I was late there would be a warrant out for me\"; which caused David Lee and I to laugh and smile. We were thinking give'em hell man; give'em hell. The black robed magician then entered the court room looking old and disgusting and pissed off. I can only guess why he would be pissed off wink wink. He then began to proceed and Shawn began to object; but to no avail they just ignored his pleas. After about 10 minutes of them ignoring us; the black robed magician and his minion the prosecutor conversing among-st themselves as if we were not even there; David Lee stood up and let them know of his presence. They ignored him for about 5 seconds and then the black robed magician looked angrily at David Lee and said call for security and have them arrested and removed. David Lee stated we are here to present the writ of habeus of corpus and as the black robed magician became more angry at our presence I yelled out that we had a writ that needed to be heard on behalf of our fellow man. I knew that we had to leave but I knew that Shawn knew someone was there for him. We promptly removed ourselves from the courtroom not wanting to cause more harm to Shawn. That black robed magician was out of line and pissed me off. So I promptly went to the court clerks window to get the proper forms to order the transcripts of the court proceeding because they were sentencing him today without any help he was under duress and stated so. In the background one of the clerk of the courts and another woman were staring and smiling at me. With a stone cold look I stared them down until they had to turn away; I was pissed off and I let everyone know it. I also let them all know that I was heading to federal district court and would be filing a claim against the black robed magician for violating Shawns and our rights. I had to walk past the court room which had many windows and I also gave the black robed magician a stone cold stare as I walked slowly by until he had to look back down at his desk. I went outside to fill the paper to receive a certified copy of audio video of the proceeding. Again as I walked by the windows going inside I gave the Judge and everyone in the courtroom another stone cold stare. I payed for the transcript and had to walk by again this time the black robed magician looked at me again along with his minions and he looked down to avoid eye contact and removed his black robe and proceeded to quickly leave but not before he sent his nazi policy enforcement officers to stare at me to which I gave them a stone cold stare back like don't even think about it nazis. I stared at them until I reached the parking lot. David and I then proceeded to the federal district court to talk with us district attorney about the writ that Shawn was denied and how the black robed magician had threatened us. We met with danielson in the us attorneys office. We then proceeded to inform him of Shawns situation and he stated that we were not allowed to present a writ for Shawn and that he was the only one that was able too. David then stated according to the state and federal constitutions that was an untrue statement. danielson then proceeded to tell us that he was not going to debate the state and federal constitutions with us but did agree that Shawns rights and ours had been violated. We went back and forth and back and forth with this man but all he could say is that we needed a BAR attorney because he could not help us. He was a real loser. We both knew this was a waste of time. We then decided to leave and look for a state court but none were available in the area. David and I are going to file a claim against this black robed magician and one for Shawn he violated this man in so many ways. If the courts wont follow their own rules we will just have to hit them where it hurts. All I can say is Shawn is not alone and we will continue to fight on his behalf; along with the many battles we are fighting in our own lives. We left messages on the attorney line for him to call us collect but no one has given him these messages. They are doing everything they can to violate Shawn he really needs all of our help; and they will violate anyone who stands up for him but we got something for their violations..disgusting bastards....I am mailing him his writ and claim so that he may sign it and submit it to the courts. This is all we can do but pray for him now. Please call and aggravate everyone you can Jamie Barker has all the information you need to do this and also please give to the fund because they are going to charge for each and everything they can and funds should not be the hindrance for Shawns defense. Pray for him he needs to have a way to contact the outside world by giving we can provide this and help him if he can communicate with us. Thank you Jamie for allowing us to help him and providing money to get there; it is an honor. If someone could or would put money in his commissary so he can communicate with the outside world because collect calls kill my prepaid phone that would help him alot.",
   "created_time": "2014-06-03T06:00:17+0000"
 }
