 {
   "id": "485028444866426",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_485010274868243",
   "from_name": "Kelleran Holman",
   "message": "MOU is like a contract, but it does not have to carry the same legal weight. If the wordings used in the MOU are vague and unclear and do not create any binding effect, then the same cannot be enforced. It does not create a valid contract. But if one party do anything on reliance of MOU and sustains any loss he can recover back losses but cannot get enforce the MOU. Both Parties of MOU are bind by estoppel and any of them cannot take adverse stand.\n\nA memorandum of understanding is an agreement between two parties in the form of a legal document. It is not fully binding in the way that a contract is, but it is stronger and more formal than a traditional gentleman's agreement. Sometimes, a memorandum of understanding is used as a synonym for a letter of intent, particularly in private law. A letter of intent expresses an interest in performing a service or taking part in an activity, but does not legally obligate either party.\n\nWhile, Agreement contains proposal and its acceptance and intention of parties is to bind each other with the terms of agreement. It is intention of parties that if any one violet the terms other will go to court and get it enforced.\n\nRead more: Memorandum of understanding | Law Teacher http://www.lawteacher.net/contract-law/essays/memorandum-of-understanding.php#ixzz2LxIJ78fk\nFollow us: @lawteachernet on Twitter | LawTeacherNet on Facebook",
   "created_time": "2013-02-25T23:10:30+0000"
 }
