 {
   "id": "941329695902963",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_941201425915790",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Only Pete Daoust (and maybe 3 others) have actually taken the time to see WHY I'm right. The rest of you just parrot.\n\nDean Clifford got three years because he didn't listen to me, or thought he could do better. I don't become \"less right\" over time. You will have 20/20 hindsight, so you can take comfort in that, but you are better off looking at Pete Daoust, and understanding why he's so sure about what he's doing.\n\nThis guy, Dean Kory, and the Piece-of-Shit Christians... and of course, the Free-Dumbers; They will all bastardize what I say, and blame me when it fails. That's the difference between parroting and understanding. \n\nPete Daoust UNDERSTANDS what I am saying. He gets actual VALUE out of those \"gold nuggets\" you kids keep talking about. You will just parrot them or, at best, attempt to comprehend their meaning, but you do not understand the core issue. Pete Daoust sees it, and the more programming he sheds, the more alien all of you become. Even now, he sees most of you as the jailer and captive combined. I can say that with such certainty, because I was about 14 when I was feeling that way, and at 14 I knew what Pete Daoust knows, today. He actually listened. The rest of you did not.\n\nYES, i REALLY AM the ONLY source of truth when it comes to LAW and GOVERNMENT. The only ones who don't know that, are YOU.\n\nNobody else, not even Sino General, can know the truth, because they CAN'T. They didn't have my life. They didn't have obscure titles they didn't ask for. They weren't sold to the government (At a premium because of said title) by their parents. They weren't tested and trained by that very same government. They didn't go to law school, just to see what their value was buying. They didn't travel the world. They didn't try cases Pro Se, and win... just because they could.\n\nI DID. ME, NOT YOU, OR ANYONE ELSE, FOR THAT MATTER!\n\nI'm one of the few who even CAN tell you the truth. Those who know, CAN'T tell (Their families depend on it), and those who DON'T KNOW, SELL! <--If you are EVER CHARGED MONEY FOR \"TRUTH\", YOU ARE BEING SCAMMED! It's almost always by a Piece-of-Shit Christian, too.\n\nThink about this VERY carefully. \n\n1: I'm the only one who CAN tell you the truth, because\n2: YOUR \"Government\" bought me (With money taken by force, from others) and trained me to root out the \"bad guys\" inside government (meaning anyone with intellect, empathy and a conscience).\n\n3: I'm the only one of that batch in 1979, left. The rest are dead.\n\nThere's nobody left who CAN tell you how it all works. Trust, but verify. Only Pete Daoust ever did.\n\nLike it or not, I'm the ONLY one who even CAN tell you the TRUTH, the WHOLE TRUTH, and nothing BUT the truth, so help me BETTER-THAN-JESUS! ;)",
   "created_time": "2016-02-09T11:16:20+0000"
 }
