 {
   "id": "499102883458982",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_499044716798132",
   "from_name": "Shawn Folkes",
   "message": "Ok...\nSo...from what I was told....going back to the bailout...that \"loan\"..and moves like this...are all movements to bankrupt the U.S. Economy so they can file a \"section 13\" (or whatever) and declare bankruptcy...and starts new currency:\nThe Amero.\nCanadians and Americans will get .17 Ameros for every dollar they have...Mexicans .06 for every Peso.\nThat's what came down to ME.\nNow..me and my family....consistently think certain ways. I'm the most abstract of the clan...and keep in mind the F.B.I. wanted her for their think labs....\nSo...my take? Obamacare.\nThe second.it came out, long before it passed.... I saw a possible link. We here have a health card  right? With a magnetic strip in the back? (seems more and more of those...are coming with RDIF chips in them, esp ones that are attached to our MONEY,eh? )well...see....98%of current currency doesn't physically exist, right? Well...make it 100...make the Amero completely electronic...and eliminate physical currency. And since we will all already have HEALTH cards(that is, if you're a \"legal\" resident...if you're any illegal alien you're fucked) make everything...health care, currency (your debit card)  credit cards, drivers licence, SIN info....all one one Real I.D. Card.\n\nTransparency? Yeah I asked about that too...well...with a fertility rate at 1.57 and so many media tranquillized sheeple...quondam stop them? They have been moving a long time in small increments and think they are unstoppable...because we are in so deep now.\n\nBug out bag people! Get one!",
   "created_time": "2013-04-03T02:22:40+0000"
 }
