 {
   "id": "516890775013526",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_516867861682484",
   "from_name": "Shawn Folkes",
   "message": "most get nauseous lmao \n\nGuess we all can relate, cuz we ahve all bled at the hands of those fucks...that dont need to be fucks!\nThats what I dont get...they are so brainwashed they do shit like its nothing. Fuck. I remember when they pulled Donald Rankin upstairs to beat him up...6 guys and an average sized KID (at the time).\n\nyeah... see...\nwhen I got out the pen on my appeal bail, I was 20 but already had about 4 years in...2 as YOA (remember Dean? YOY were there...before I did the McNeil house thing, remember) 2 in the pen. \nIm out on appeal bail on an AM. Im 21 now, and way out of control. The cops send 14 fuckers over. 8 had lapels that said \"Cadet\". Yep I get it...training session, at MY expense. Nope wasnt having that, so I told them to get the fuck off my property. They tried telling me I aint the homeowner, so I cant tell them shit. Across the street...curtains are fluttering all down the hood. Nearest neighbors...asleep. Reason for visit: Noise complaint. I told the to leave, and that I rent that property, so its mine. Nope, still on my lawn, but...nope they aint gnomes or fucking pink flamingoes...wonder what the neigbors thought? \"Nigger in the hood...there goes the hood\"? And who can blame them?\nSo yeah, one female cocked her hand on her billy stick and started goin off about my attitude. And that hand on the stick? I thought she was going to pull it...so I broke her face. One shot and shit was everywhere...teeth, blood... caved her face in with one shot. And then shit got fun. Crotches became green triangles...throats, red circles, knees, yellow squares...and yeah I fucking destroyed them all...I bet a few never worked again. The one I flipped thru his windshield? he was the funniest because he panicked so badly. No kidnapping that night, cuz I WAS NOT having it, and cuz there was no one left to arrest me. I wiped them ALL out. I didnt care...what ...they were gonna send me to jail\n\nbtw?Keep in mind this is FACEBOOK, so my friends will know if Im shitting you.\nbtw.. two hits of green double barrel sure evens the playing field!",
   "created_time": "2013-05-25T16:48:43+0000"
 }
