 {
   "id": "517013168334620",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_516867861682484",
   "from_name": "Shawn Folkes",
   "message": "ok thats a good answer,  TENDER OF THE LAW worthy, Just cuz I ask questions, dont mean I dunno the answer, aiight?\nAnd just cuz I play the devils advocate, that doesnt mean Im the devil either. So I ask questions. And despise ad hominem comment and anything off topic. In THAT regard, whats it matter what \"side\" Im on? I dont know if that was directed at me, but lets say it was (or anyone else for that matter)\nTo me...this is a training ground. As such I will try to make people train hard, so they can fight easy. And sometimes those questions get asked to bring us back on to topic.\n\nThe thing I dont like thru all this...we miss the forest fucking around with trees.\nSee..we debate semantics and small points we think are big, not seeing our big is really small.\nAnts\nSee..when they fuck with dudes like this Adam guy, and ultimately we (in the past and hopefully NOT again)say, \"well, it aint me, Im not a ______ like he is\", and dont freak out and revolt over shit like this. Eventually, controversial people will be the first they get. Dont be like Adam and youl have no worries.\nOne day, it will be people like us in groups like THIS, and THEN we will wish we paid more attention to whats going on an not have gotten lost in the small points.\nhere something else. theres been some words used...sheeple, and communist. I wonder about that...cuz I wonder what people who still cling to what they were brainwashed and taught think communism is. so many know more about it from CNN than they do the etymology of he word. I only say this, not cuz Im a communist (if I was, who cares?), but cuz I kinda remember the whole \"go after the commie\" thing happening before somewhere...Poland? Or is that in my mind from another thread?? LMAO!!!",
   "created_time": "2013-05-26T01:04:41+0000"
 }
