 {
   "id": "594784190557517",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_563950750307528",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "<<When you understand what money is, you can construct money through VALUE.\n\nIf it exists in the real world, it has VALUE. Any currency used to track that VALUE, when exchanging goods, is MONEY OF EXCHANGE. \n\nBitcoin, on the other hand, does not exist in the real world. Only its mysterious creators have any COPYHOLD on the VALUE. That's the thing about Bitcoin - in the end the guys that created it, get all the money. They get this because people volunteer to take alpha-test-grade, proof-of-concept code, and open their computers up to the Internet. They then give hardware-level access to their memory, processor, GPU and hard drive, to a rogue, autonomous process that their empty, little heads couldn't even dream of understanding, with no one paying attention to its original intent -- which is to prove that it could be done. \n\nDon't get me wrong, there are people who are doing this on purpose, because the VALUE is returned almost immediately. For Bitcoin has all the properties of gold, without the liabilities. Bitcoin is but one cryptographic currency. AQUILAE has its own cryptographic currency. It cannot be counterfeited, and is a near-perfect accounting mechanism. AQUILAE is not even a PERSON, it's a TRUST. If a TRUST can have a currency, why can't you? What I am building for everyone here, is a method to remove the middle-man. If you have your own currency, you don't need a bank. If cryptographic currencies can't be counterfeited, then it's trade cannot be regulated. It remains within the private realm and the ease at which you can convert your currency to MONEY OF EXCHANGE anywhere in the world, is directly proportional to your VALUE. In the current economic framework, backed by debt-based FIAT currency, the only legitimate path to wealth is to produce, to make something in the real world that didn't exist before. >> Scott Duncan",
   "created_time": "2013-12-02T03:54:54+0000"
 }
