 {
   "id": "564055780297025",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_563950750307528",
   "from_name": "Chris Evan",
   "message": "Bill of Lading\nA document signed by a carrier (a transporter of goods) or the carrier's representative and issued to a consignor (the shipper of goods) that evidences the receipt of goods for shipment to a specified designation and person.\n\ncarrier n. in general, any person or business which transports property or people by any means of conveyance (truck, auto, taxi, bus, airplane, railroad, ship), almost always for a charge. The carrier is the transportation system and not the owner or operator of the system. There are two types of carriers: common carrier (in the regular business or a public utility of transportation) and a private carrier (a party not in the business, but agrees to make a delivery or carry a passenger in a specific instance). Regular transportation systems are regulated by states and by the Interstate Commerce Commission if they cross state lines. \n\nCONSIGNOR, contracts. One who makes a consignment to another. \n     2. When goods are consigned to be sold on commission, and the property remains in the consignor; or when goods have been consigned upon a credit, and the consignee has become a bankrupt or failed, the consignor has a right to stop them in transitu. (q.v.) Abbot on Sh. p. 3, c. \n     3. The consignor is generally liable for the freight or the hire for the carriage of goods.\n\nI don't get it.....Who is the CARRIER and who is the CONSIGNOR?  I assume those are the 2 signatures on the BC....",
   "created_time": "2013-09-24T19:08:18+0000"
 }
