 {
   "id": "462493170453287_762432350459366",
   "created_time": "2014-12-19T11:41:54+0000",
   "updated_time": "2014-12-20T00:30:24+0000",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "from_id": "927379467328526",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "From the PEOPLE WHO NEED A GOOD SWIFT KICK IN THE FACE, DEPT:\n\nPresumptions about me, and my initiative, and THIS douche: \n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=661915007\n\nI mention this because he called me the other day. This segues into the point that if you CALL me, you should PROBABLY  learn a bit about who you are calling, lest you end up like THIS twit.\n\nFirst let me Cut/Paste his last post and we shall describe the events leading here. Most of you will see the idiocy straight away.\n\n..................................................................................\nLets look at the truth, and people that think they are helping this world by wanting to spread the word about law truths... If you are being an angry human being, one that is paranoid , selfish, ignorant, wanting to fight and start wars. DO YOU HONESTLY THINK YOUR GOING TO GATHER MANY??? ARE YOU ANY BETTER THAN THE SYSTEM YOUR SAYING YOU ARE WORKING AT EXPOSING< >>>What is your goal??? The truth is the truth... FOR many to wake up and understand this people need support in a nice way, maybe sometimes some ruff edges are cool. Though when one is angry that is s dead give away of FEAR! So when someone wants to spread truth, is it going as far through anger, through a massive ego, through threats, ignorance. THIS IS SIMPLE AND YOUR GOING TO DESTROY YOURSELF JUST LIKE THE SYSTEM YOU SAY YOUR WORKING AT CORRECTING .... LOVE AND PEACE> CANT NO SOLVE WAR WITH WAR>>>\n.....................................................................................\n\nThis is, of course, about me.\n\nI'll Do the courtesy of answering each of his questions!\n\n1: No. I don't need many. Sheep are easily slaughtered and requires little manpower. OH LOOK, yet another sack of shit calling me \"Ignorant\", even though he's butt-hurt that I want to kick the living shit out of him for phoning me (uninvited) and being such a little fuckwad.\n\n2: My goal has been made clear MANY times and if you don't know my goal, why the FUCK do you want to be part of this group?\n\n3: Your \"Love and Peace\" bullshit is one of the biggest destructive lies in history. NO time in history has \"love and peace\" EVER CHANGED ANYTHING! STOP CLAIMING IT CAN! Look ANYWHERE IN NATURE! The \"peace and love\" animals BECOME FOOD.\n\nSo, anyway as you can see, this stupid twit is YET another, in the legions of the cast-outs, who will whine and cry and talk about me as if they know ANYTHING about me....yet he will still want what I have.\n\nHe called expecting to meet with me to \"feel my energy\" (I'm NOT making that up).\n\nI ask why he wants to meet. \n\n\"To learn\" (What?)\n\nI tell him to read the group.\n\n\"I want to help people\"\n\nI tell him that it would be criminal to presume to have the ability to help people at his level of demonstrably profound ignorance.\n\nHe then says he wants me to help him with his charges, which when asked, were purportedly \"P4P\", like that's a good thing to say to me. He said it means \"Possession or the Purpose\"...Fuck off.\n\n...anyway, after laying out these grandiose plans for which I am expected to participate, I asked the basic question: HOW DO I BENEFIT?\n\nHis response? \"What do you want\"?\n\n...just so we are clear; This piece of shit CALLED ME, making demands, and THEN demands I engage in contract negotiations. I hung up because I REALLY WANTED TO HURT HIM at this point. NO communication with this defective child would be productive.\n\nI screened him out after the PURGE. He did not get back in.\n\nLook at this sack of shit, and don't EVER do this.\n\nHe also wouldn't identify himself, like I was supposed to meet up with an asshole who won't say who he is. I DON'T HIDE.\n\nNotice that EVERYTHING he's accuse ME of, he's actually guilty of.\n\nNO MORE NEWBIES! YOU MUST BE INFORMED TO A USEFUL LEVEL IF YOU ARE EVEN GOING TO SPEAK TO ME.\n\nDON'T ASK QUESTIONS I FUCKING ANSWERED TWO FUCKING YEARS AGO!\n\nDON'T THINK I'M A FUCKING DEAN FUCKING CLIFFORD, OR ROBERT FUCKING MENARD, WHO'S TIME YOU CAN BUY! NONE OF YOU HAVE ANY VALUE! WHAT THE FUCK MAKES YOU THINK THAT ANY OF YOU HAVE ANYTHING I WANT?\n\nREAD THIS PROFILE AND USE IT AS A CAUTIONARY TALE.\n\nYou do NOT want to be booted out in 2015. Trust me.\n\nP.S. for Admins - Since they \"liked\" this douche's post, do not admit \"Christopher Lee\" or \"Bill Fazackerley\"",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
