 {
   "id": "506635732705697",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_506522062717064",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "This comment may appear as off topic, but to me it's not. Scott, many, many, many times, has gotten frustrated that some \"don't get it\". \n\nBefore I came to meet this group, I have been studying Club Rules for about 4 years. Club Rules did/do not make sense to me. I knew something was very wrong. What was wrong, was there a big conspiracy hiding the truth, or was I/US the problem?\n\nDean Clifford gets arrested, and I end-up meeting TTFL group. I have been studying/researching the information being tendered at this group by Scott, and some others since. Scott studied computer science, among other things. He said something, about our brains been screwed-up, that is helping me out BIG TIME to CHANGE THE WAY I THINK.\n\nTHE PROBLEM IS ME/US! We have been uploaded a REALLY crappy software, that makes us think incorrectly. When we read Scott's answers, our messed-up program assigns VALUE TO THE WRONG THINGS (Club Rules, for example), and therefore we end-up with a wrong answer. We have been trained to assign VALUE to things that DON'T have it, and that is why our brain program it's still in DOS.\n\nWhen I read Scott say it was all about SURETY and ACCOUNTING, that gave me the opportunity to realize I would use that information to BUILT ME a new program. I still did not fully understood WHY he said that, but knew I could TRUST that this MUST be the correct info to start that program. That has required to erase A LOT of useless information (that I had assign VALUE incorrectly) and avoiding my brain taking me to the Dark Ages again, and UPLOADING this new info with correct VALUE. I am not even close to thinking perfectly, but I have started assigning VALUE to the right things, and completely forgetting about VALUELESS crap I had memorized. It's helping BIG TIME!\n\nDerek is one of Scott's best students here. But, he also has received a lot of flack from Scott. I can relate in some way to Derek, because many times I have processed the information given by Scott, the same way Derek has. We started processing Scott's info, and went into our brains to try to assign VALUE to the wrong info we have installed, and hence the questions.\n\nHaving all this in mind, I just wanted to share what has started to help me to \"get\" some things, and hopefully, one day I'll \"get it\".",
   "created_time": "2013-04-26T10:21:55+0000"
 }
