 {
   "id": "1003718449664087",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_1003673659668566",
   "from_name": "Decker Apel",
   "message": "Yes I am well known in certain groups. Been sharing my understanding of De Facto, De Jure, Administrative, and tort law to a readership of over 80,000, for around five years.\nIf wishes were horses, and I could start all over again, I would have / should have studied commerce law. Which is how I found this group.\nI find Scott Duncan's perspective, and approach quite refreshing. This morning I have downloaded and read some docs from the files section.\nAnd YES, I AM an Oath Keeper. Which came about by attending an annual Oath Keeper meeting for northern Illinois members in Bloomington Illinois area.\nI was there in my capacity as an Illinois state coordinator for the National Liberty Alliance , to introduce the NLA to Oath Keepers. I was warmly received, and many Oath Keepers joined the NLA. I, in turn, joined Oath Keepers.\nI know full well that in order to restore the Republic of the united States of America, we must/will take back the judiciary, and restore the 1789 Constitution, and the law of the land, common law. I work very hard to that end.\nUnfortunately, as many here probably already know, common law don't cut it in court just yet... and doesn't help if you are already embroiled in a case before a court.\nWhich is why I turned my attention to usufructury, bonds, and commerce law...at least that has teeth in many cases. I would hope I could learn more from this group.\nAs regards Isaiah Whitney, I have no idea who he is, or what he is talking about. So I will reserve comment in that regard.\nWhat I WILL say is calling people names is the tool of a weak mind.  Especially when one has no clue as to who, or what, I am. And am not.\nNo matter. I am still glad to be here.",
   "created_time": "2016-05-26T15:28:48+0000"
 }
