 {
   "id": "807154385987162",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_806471102722157",
   "from_name": "Chris Evan",
   "message": "This is the reason I am asking this question.  I think the protector of the sovereigns wishes is the Deputy Assistant Attorney General of the United States empowered under 50 USC 6, the codified language to the Trading with the Enemy Act.  \n\nSo, as everyone knows, I had 3 charges last year.  I went to pay all of them with fiat, but one transaction went very oddly...it's the only one I handled in the certain way I will describe....\n\nI was advised by a very wise man to write a Notice of Fraud and deposit it into the court file.  The fraud was ignoring the mistake.  So I did...I also sent the Notice to the Deputy Attorney General of the United States, Tamara W. Ashford.  (I took this upon myself)  I had a trial in this case on July 7 and was found guilty.  The Justice ordered a payment due in one month.  At this point, I sent the Notices of Fraud out.  So, I happen to be settling another case on August 8 in a different court.  When I settled there, I was informed that there was a warrant out for my person out of the court that gave my person one month to pay....I thought it was strange.  The warrant was issued on July 21....The math just wasn't adding up.\n\nSo, I went right over to this court to investigate.  When I went to the Clerks desk to pay, I was told that the case did not have a balance and it was dismissed, yet there was a warrant AND a guilty verdict.  Anyone who remembers these cases knows I stopped fighting....\n\nSo, despite there being no record in the court file, I went to clear up the warrant and was ordered to pay which I did.  \n\nWhy this belongs here.....\n\nI think that by notifying the Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Tamara W Ashcroft, of the Fraud of ignoring the mistake, the case was dismissed and the accounting was settled.\n\nI think what happened was that I notified the person holding the position analogous to the sovereign and the charges were accounted for. Then, I think the courts operated in fraud and made up some new bullshit in order to process the payment.",
   "created_time": "2015-03-23T03:07:08+0000"
 }
