 {
   "id": "576024839100119",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_575298519172751",
   "from_name": "Pete Daoust",
   "message": "I have recently been accused of running a \"cult\" even though my particular \"cult\" encourages critical thought, and the removal of presumption.\n\nThat one is so funny, what have they ran these past 500 years ? Catholics, Protestants, Muslim ???....and others, what is that if it's not CULTS ? :/\n\nOh yeah, I forgot, it's THEIR rights to worship that bullshit, and it's THEIR rights to THINK they possess the whole TRUTH about that crap.....and to harm \"ME\" if I am NOT \"in line\" with their stupid crap.\n\nIt's 2013 for fuck sakes.....WAKE UP !!!!!...There is NO stupid fuckers in the sky that CHECKING everything I do, it's a LIE, a huge LIE to keep me \"in line\" with this SLAVERY system.....HELLOSS !!! :D\n\nI think you are running an ANTI-CULT thing, and for those who are reading this, and keep avoiding the truth that has been revealed so far in this group, well, I think you are a bunch of worthless faggots :P\n\nSee ??... :D, anyone can have their own thoughts, even a French Token guy :P\n\ncult  (klt)\nn.\n1.\na. A religion or religious sect generally considered to be extremist or false, with its followers often living in an unconventional manner under the guidance of an authoritarian, charismatic leader.\nb. The followers of such a religion or sect.\n2. A system or community of religious worship and ritual.\n3. The formal means of expressing religious reverence; religious ceremony and ritual.\n4. A usually nonscientific method or regimen claimed by its originator to have exclusive or exceptional power in curing a particular disease.\n5.\na. Obsessive, especially faddish, devotion to or veneration for a person, principle, or thing.\nb. The object of such devotion.\n6. An exclusive group of persons sharing an esoteric, usually artistic or intellectual interest.",
   "created_time": "2013-10-20T17:27:09+0000"
 }
