 {
   "id": "998652316837367",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_998419453527320",
   "from_name": "Daniel J Wentz",
   "message": "This is so wrong. 20 Years ago was the last time I saw Scott Duncan face-to-face. He warned me this would become \"normal\", and that an ignorant and apathetic population would just allow it to happen, while dismissing all protest as \"just the way it is\".\n\nI called him paranoid, and claimed he was being dramatic, to which he responded \"remember you said that\". It's a phrase of Scott's. Those that know him, learn quickly that what you are being asked to remember something, it's so he can say \"told you so\", later on. :(\n\nThis is me remembering.\n\nI stopped being surprised years ago.\n\nWe arrived in Cyprus an hour ago. I saw the AQUILAE TYSON for the first time. I then crashed into her. Scraped paint and bruised ego was the only damage. I still can't steer my own ship. I mention this because it is an event in a life nobody else has. I have it because I listened to what Scott Duncan had to say, in time.\n\nNow I'm in a strange land, on an adventure, when I thought I'd be retiring. \n\nHam-fisted censorship, endorsed by courts, is a society's death knell. It's not much better in the U.S. \n\nPeople need to start listening to Scott Duncan. I really never thought I'd say that, but Pete Daoust seems to be proving my point. Scott Duncan is also \"shadow banned\". I have not logged into Facebook for over a week. I got 3 of Scott Duncan's posts. 3.\n\nA quick look at his timeline will show that the idea of Scott Duncan posting only 3 things in a 10 day period is ludicrous. It's equally ludicrous to think that Scott Duncan didn't anticipate that. I just damaged 2 of his boats. When I told him, his primary concern was casualties. Fortunately my pride was the only casualty. \"Fix it\", was all he said. When I do, my debt will be paid. I'll never hear about it again. I know this, because that's what Scott promised it would be. I get the \"Laws\" I paid for. Do you?\n\nHe said it in 2007. \"I paid for this law and I am not getting what I paid for\". He's doing something about it.\n\nAre you?",
   "created_time": "2016-05-17T07:57:26+0000"
 }
