 {
   "id": "949647941737805",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_948042318565034",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "And now Dan Lien-Your-name Wilson is back to \"Dats just duh way it iz\".  He keeps telling you to say \"suck it up\".\n\nYet everything I say will happen, happens. I don't accept \"that's just the way it is\". I DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.\n\nBETTER people than ANY OF YOU are DOING SOMETHING ABOUT IT.\n\n...and we are going to kick a few faces along the way! We'll get away with it too! It turns out that if you make people rich, they look the other way!\n\nI can hurt and kill people with money. I have lots of money. I made it. It's there to hurt people, and it's going to.\n\nAt this point, even killing me won't stop it. In fact I don't mention ANYTHING if there was even the remote chance ANY of you could stop it. \n\nWE'RE COMING FOR YOUR MONEY!\n\nWE'RE COMING FOR YOUR LAW!\n\nWE'RE COMING FOR THE SURETY!\n\n...and THAT'S THE WAY IT IS. SUCK IT UP!\n\nShould have bought my silence while you had the chance! :D\n\nIt doesn't MATTER what you think.\nIt doesn't MATTER what you feel.\nIt doesn't MATTER what you BELIEVE\nIt doesn't MATTER what you SAY.\n\nReality doesn't care. Computer Science DOESN'T CARE. 2+2=4 No matter how \"arrogant\" you think I am. No mater how much my track record of being right hurts your fragile feelings, 2+2 will ALWAYS equal 4. ALWAYS! Pretend it doesn't all you like! Reality DOESN'T CARE.\n\nThe ONLY people who actively oppose this, are people selling fraud, and the ignorant (The people selling fraud, need these. The more, the better ). They will NEVER do anything remotely close to what I, and people much like me, have done.\n\nIt's happening right in front of you. Dan Lien-Your-Name Wilson has excuses and lies. He will never do ANYTHING of value. Even if he tries... I win. The public record speaks for itself.\n\nWhy is Dan Lien-Your-Name Wilson so frightened of me?\n\nI do all this public work, because I'm frightened.\n\nG-20? That frightened me. My \"crime\" was living in the neighborhood.\n\nCourt records blatantly altered and nobody called to account... That frightened me.\n\nTPP, SOPA and other examples of codified feudalism.. VERY frightening.\n\nEVERYTHING at the Attorney General's Office frightens me.\n\nI'm quite open about it! My motives are clear!\n\n...so why do I frighten Dan Lien-Your-Name Wilson?\n\nDoes ANYBODY believe his \"Law Jesus\" crap? ANYONE? I'd really like to know! It's a serious question.",
   "created_time": "2016-02-25T21:54:12+0000"
 }
