 {
   "id": "949133588455907",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_948042318565034",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "\"Hey Scott. \"Seriously, the TPP is about to be ratified, and I am where he focuses his \"Legal\" efforts?\"\nYOU WROTE ABOUT ME FIRST. I'M JUST RESPONDING. I HAVEN'T COMMENTED ON YOUR SHIT FOR MONTHS, STUPID.\nConsider how much you mention me, I must be your biggest fear.\" - Hey, remember how I don't wield double-edged swords?\n\nYou are not someone who was addressed, EVER. You are a caricature; A joke icon. You are a placeholder for a stereotype.\n\nYou REALLY create a profile to respond to the reference to the many others you create and delete? \n\nExactly where would \"fear\" come into that? What exactly am I supposed to be \"afraid\" of? You creating another stalker profile? You lying?\n\nYou do that anyway. YOU and the LAW society have EVERYTHING to fear from me.\n\nI'm targeting MONEY. The part that hurts the most. ALL money. ESPECIALLY ATTORNEY GENERAL Money. The money you use to exchange cattle with. Those magic parchments that have two signatures and a trustee. THAT is what you are afraid of. You are afraid the same way a fraud artist who bilked a little old lady out of her life savings, is afraid of the guy telling the little old lady about ponzi schemes.\n\nYou (and the Law Society) Fear ME because of the damage I have done, can do ,and WILL do.  I seem \"crazy\" yet I have clearly been \"Upper Echelon\" trained... how is that possible? If a stranger came aboard an AQUILAE vessel and started citing Covenants and claiming rights... I'll be honest, that'd scare the living crap out of ME. \n\nBut Dan Lien-Your-Name Wilson is not somebody like that. He's of an ilk I am all too familiar with.\n\nSo, what's more REASONABLE to \"believe\", that I'm \"afraid\", or that I'm just furthering my agenda? :D",
   "created_time": "2016-02-24T20:30:36+0000"
 }
