 {
   "id": "949211411781458",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_948042318565034",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "How do you fight this, Dan? Even if I see \"Yes Sir\" and a bag of cash, and ALL that I publish vanishes... Pete Daoust still knows. It's a running gag, remember?\n\nRight now, you have security through obscurity, but you are burning that up faster than you think!\n\nThe terms get worse as time goes on. All I will do is write words, but you will pay the price for them.\n\nI've built things a lawyer is simply too stupid to grasp. REAL things, that are changing EVERYTHING.\n\nKILLING me won't even stop what I have started, and I have so many dead-man switches I'm amazed I keep track of them all.\n\nNo matter. You've given your answer.\n\n\"Hey Scott, I actually created this account to talk to Trent Goodbaudy and numerous other pseudolegal people, as your crew has testified, not you, sorry. If you hadn't made a post about me linking my profile we would never have spoken at all. Stop stalking me, weirdo.\"\n\nClearly a lie, because I didn't actually KNOW the profile's location when I made the original post. Somebody handed it to me. Look at the edit history for confirmation of this. As demonstrated by in this and many other threads, I will ALWAYS use you as a teaching tool. Everyone finds these exchanges VERY educational.\n\n...and seriously, the ONLY thing on your timeline, is me. Trent Goodfraudy? Fuck you. That idiot white trash must be doing something that bothers your leash holders, because it is not possible that have any meaningful discourse with that piece-of-shit christian white trash fraud. \n\nAnyway, you did NOT respond \"Yes Sir\" and vanish as you should have and THEREFORE:\nYou have refused on behalf of the Law Society, and I accept your credentials and authority in this matter.\n\nNow it's time to wish YOU \"good Luck\". ;)",
   "created_time": "2016-02-25T00:07:54+0000"
 }
