 {
   "id": "949124128456853",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_948042318565034",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "\"Yes, Scott, at the end of the day armed thugs decide what law gets enforced. What are your magic parchments going to do about it? Do you really think begging the provincial legislature (using the PPSA act) is how you somehow prove their authority doesn't exist? If anything when you use the act it implies your submission to and recognition of the authority. lol. And if it did remove their authority, why wouldn't they just change the law so it doesn't?\" - Dan Lien-Your-Name Wilson.\n\nSo now it's \"Better do what the magic parchments say\"\n\nand then thinks that's a double-edged sword and tries to \"use it against me\".  Sadly he has a lawyer's mentality. They can't help it. They are ONLY concerned about the immediate problem. Their CLIENT is the one who's supposed to look at the \"big picture\". This is best for \"practicing law\", but not for situations like this.\n\nNotice he is not DENYING acting on behalf of the Law Society, here. Look how DESPERATE he is to STOP you from liening your name. Why? Why does he care?\n\nSeriously, the TPP is about to be ratified, and I am where he focuses his \"Legal\" efforts?\n\nWhy is he SO CONCERNED that he literally threatens you with a gang of armed thugs, to try convince you it's \"wrong\"?\n\nDoes ANY of this behavior seem rational to you?\n\nBTW: it's 2016. My silence about LAW is for sale. Opening bid is $700, 000 for lifetime silence.This figure doubles every month.  Perhaps a collection plate can go around to law firms. Buy early and SAVE SAVE SAVE! :D\n\nCash Only.",
   "created_time": "2016-02-24T19:59:05+0000"
 }
