 {
   "id": "949246215111311",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_948042318565034",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "DAN LIEN-YOUR-NAME WILSON SAYS: \"I was admittedly browsing TFL because I was bored. Only Pete was involved in anything worth commenting about. In my opinion people should avoid playing fast-and-loose with liens Jail time hasn't yet happened in Canada as it has in the US, but there is precedent for $22,500 in costs which is pretty significant. With the openly-stated intent of TFL to \"destroy government\", \"kill lawyers\", etc., and a lien against a public entity, they could possibly make a successful case that the filing is vexatious, which could increase the award, or even terroristic, which could lead to criminal charges, but that's worst-case... A lot of expression is protected.\nI don't wish ill on anyone, so I felt obligated to say my piece about how I believe Pete's position is unsustainable. I'm actually kind of excited that he's going to go through with it because it will be educational and show us all more about how the system works.\nI had no intention of going on at length or getting into the dozens of other topics you raised, but I'm willing to entertain a few where there's mutual interest and time allows. I can't say I agree with all of your theories.\nI'm no lawyer, I just have an unhealthy obsession with law right now, but I'm sure you'll believe otherwise with zero evidence. Anyone who disagrees with THE Admiral just HAS to be paid for it...\"\n\n\" because the punishments are potentially severe.\" - BIG SCARY THINGS WILL HAPPEN IF YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS! YOU HAD BETTER NOT DO ANYTHING YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO DO, BECAUSE SCARY STUFF! :D\n\n\" so I felt obligated to say my piece about how I believe Pete's position is unsustainable\" - Because we asked you? My MOST public position is that I do not care about you or your stupid Quatlosers' opinion. You have NOTHING of value to say. It's not even a question! Obsessed with law? BULLSHIT! LIES!\n\nNot a lawyer? THEN YOU WORK FOR ONE. I ONLY address you as AGENT for the LAW SOCIETY OF UPPER CANADA. If you do not have LICENCE to do so, you are committing FRAUD by speaking to me.",
   "created_time": "2016-02-25T02:05:15+0000"
 }
