 {
   "id": "949184958450770",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_948042318565034",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Pay attention, Dan.\n\nI know what he says is beyond your comprehension, so I'll explain what happens if your predetermined outcome happens, and what it will result in.\n\nLet's look at it from MY perspective. I'm most qualified. I have been a \"fixer\" for the Law Society. I'm who they contracted to fix things in the 1990's. Since I am a byproduct of fucked up 1970's Government Programs I was especially qualified, and had the approval of the Attorney General. \n\nMy 1990's were literally an adventure that could never be made into book or film, because you simply wouldn't believe it. I lived it knowing that these moments will never come again. I had no equal, either.\n\nDan Lien-Your-Name Wilson, and the Quatlosers, as agents of the Law Society, are IN FACT waiving any and all protections of secrecy and/or agreed public testimony negotiated by The Law Society of Upper Canada, The Ministry of the Attorney General and Myself. Thanks for that.\n\nAgain, you are acting outside your pay grade. I won't violate those contracts, no matter how many times your leash-holders do. Now you are granting me permission in your capacities as agents of the Law Society of Upper Canada.\n\nUnless, of course, you AREN'T members! :D They can revoke your licence. That will CERTAINLY pass provable surety to ME.\n\n...you'll starve though. :D That's what you get for feeding yourself with a money-for-bullshit scheme. Sad part is, you're all too stupid to know that this is what you are doing. They WILL throw you under the bus, and you KNOW I'm right. You might want to give Bruce Smith (Of Smith Lyons fame) a heads-up that you are engaging me, as this covers agreements we made in the 1990's. This is with a BANK... I'm not going to say WHICH bank, but they go by the initials C.I.B.C. This is just the first of HUNDREDS of  HUGE agreements you are granting me leave to reveal, in your capacity as AGENT for the Law Society of Upper Canada.\n\nWant to lie about what the Law Society does? FINE! THIS is the result. Want something to fear? THIS IS IT. FIND OUT WHO I AM. Start With Ian Scott! You are not qualified to assess the damage I will cause.\n\nIf you are smart, you will shut your fucking pie-holes and get some guidance, because EVERY time you people contradict me, I will expose a BIGGER one. The Bruce Smith/CIBC agreement IS MY SMALLEST ONE.\n\nI STRONGLY SUGGEST you seek instructions from someone with executive authority in The Law Society of Upper Canada. Let them know what you are doing, because I am bringing outside parties in now.",
   "created_time": "2016-02-24T22:44:43+0000"
 }
