 {
   "id": "949632808405985",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_948042318565034",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "\"The obligation for all persons, natural and artificial, to abide by provincial and federal legislation isn't considered a contract in any provincial or federal court or with any provincial or federal law enforcement.\" - PERSONS have obligations do they? PERSONS are pieces of paper. Pretending otherwise ignores reality. Now you are pretending. Like Piece-of-Shit Christians.\n\nDan loves pretend shit, and he wants you to love it too, or armed thugs will hurt you...because that's just the way it is.\n\nOK, fine. Dan Lien-Your-Name-Wilson's position is \"That's just the way it is\". I spent 3 years telling ALL of you \"the way it is\". Every time, he Lied, and Lied, and Lied, and Lied, and Lied, and Lied, and Lied, and Lied, and Lied, and Lied, when I was telling you \"the way it is\".\n\n...now suddenly. Dats just duh way it iz!\n\nHe pretends he didn't lie because, well he deleted all the posts!\n\nSuddenly he's NOT part of any innocent little \"law society\", and he's JUST like \"Law Jesus\".\n\nOh, and he's \"not debating your endless crap\"...and then tries to keep lying.\n\nNow he's trying to lie to Pete!\n\nFirst he's trying to attach Gail Blackman to ME, when here is REALITY Gail failed because she trie to mix and match what I say, with what Dean says, and added a little woofuckery and tea leaves.\n\nAlso, nobody on Facebook is my \"crew\".\n\nEVERY man and Woman who served under me these past 3 years are BETTER than ANY of you. ESPECIALLY Dan Lien-Your-Name Wilson. Who, I'm told just belched out another lie.\n\n\"Re: \"who is the surety for these \"natural or artificial persons\"? - Persons are constructively applied to men and women. Where persons go, you go. If you don't provide a person one can easily be provided, e.g. John Doe. The only difference between a natural person created by the state or country (citizen) and a stateless or unidentified person is the citizen has more available civil rights and benefits. Everyone is considered to have equal obligations to criminal law.\" - Dan Lien-Your-Name Wilson.\n\n\"Persons are constructively applied to men and women\" - Just ignore the arbitrary presumption of a right to do that. nothing to see here, move along to the next sentence! QUICKLY! DON'T THINK JUST GO!\n\n\"Everyone is considered to have equal obligations to criminal law\" - Which has nothing to do with ANYTHING I talk about. \"Criminal Law\"? What the fuck is that? I know of a Criminal CODE, but no LAW.",
   "created_time": "2016-02-25T21:19:32+0000"
 }
