 {
   "id": "514533458582591",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_514491248586812",
   "from_name": "Dwaine Carrillo",
   "message": "Back for a split second and will be gone again. Per you comment above \"When we register to vote, we have secured our 14th amendment status\".\n\nThis is only PART of the equation. Registering to vote is just a thing you did, like filling out a job application. That doesn't necessarily give them jurisdiction over your life and money. Have you actually sat down with someone and signed into an employment contract with them? Are you receiving pay? Are you receiving insurance, company vehicle, bonuses, dental, etc. like all other officers, employees, and elected officials of the United States?\n\nIf they can presume you are an officer, employee, or elected official of their corporation, then it is also safe for you to presume you are getting the same benefits/pay that THEY are receiving, is it not?\n\nRegistering to vote is just the job application, now we need to discuss other things if you people want to control my life with your bullshit statutes and tax codes, and those 'other things' are how much am I getting paid? How much is my Christmas bonus? What kind of insurance is your company going to provide? Do I get a company vehicle?\n\nWhere did you or anyone sign a contract stating you agreed to abide by their statutes, tax codes, etc. without pay to do so?\n\nDid anyone at the voting registry sit you down and say \"Now if you sign this, you are absolutely fucked for the rest of your life\"?\n\nDid anyone WARN you of the consequences of that action? Is there a hidden agenda here? Was this an honest and forthcoming contract?\n\nI've never registered to vote in THEIR system and never will. For anyone who has registered, a call to the Secretary of States Office and/or Voter Registration Office might be something to consider. \n\n\"Excuse me, I was not aware that I was signing up for a work for free program here; that I was agreeing to abide by your bullshit statutory rules and tax codes, and I have made a HUGE mistake. I want my name off of your registry immediately!\"\n\nOf course get this in writing, and you might even file it with the county just to make sure there is no more 'mistakes' when it comes to them presuming you are somehow subject to their jurisdiction.",
   "created_time": "2013-05-19T02:40:09+0000"
 }
