 {
   "id": "894429433926323",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_894374950598438",
   "from_name": "Chris Evan",
   "message": "Here is exactly what happened:\n\nThey called the NAME, I stood up.  They invited me up, I went.  The Justice said something to the effect of \"I'm entering a not-guilty plea for you\".  I said: \"Exception!  I reserve all rights.  Before a plea can be entered, I have a question so I can understand the nature and cause of these proceedings\".  I was threatened with detainment as I had not checked in with Probation....obviously.  So, before I left that room, I agreed to comply under threat of detainment.  I also said as I was being rushed out \"if I have done anything to lead the court to believe that I am surety in the matter, please forgive me.\"\n\nI went to Probation and a guy asked me something...I don't even recall, to which I replied, \"I wish to reserve all rights\".  He said something to the effect of: \"I've done this before with you.  Are you going to answer my questions?\"  I said \"yes, can you accept these documents and answer these questions?\"  He refused and walked away....threatened to tell the \"Judge\" on me, or something....\n\nI went back and waited for second call.  The ADA (Assistant District Attorney) came to negotiate with me.  I saw that she had the entire court file, so I asked \"is that the court file?\"  She said \"Yes\".  Then she accepted 3 copies of the Birth Certificate and Notice of Mistake.  I told her the surety hasn't been identified and I am not sure where it is....she said she did not understand me.  She kept referring to \"you\" as being charged, I kept correcting her.  We dissected the police report and she wanted to say that ME (or my person) is liable criminally for actions of a corporation.  I asked if Bill Gates is responsible for Microsoft......\n\nAfter a very brief few more words, one of which she asked me what \"surety\" means, she agreed to dismiss all charges.",
   "created_time": "2015-10-21T15:46:41+0000"
 }
