 {
   "id": "988896961146236",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_988618564507409",
   "from_name": "Mark Whellum",
   "message": "He apparently has mental issues, bi polar he was diagnosed with. That does not excuse the attitude and anger directed at Scott Duncan.\n\nThis is the first time i have actually commented on any post as i am still reading all the posts and looking up the all CAPS words so i can comprehend the legal meaning of each word. That way when i do have questions to ask i hopefully will not have any of you going '\"read the rules of the group\", or  \"go read all Scotts Notes and articles 3 times.\"\n\nI was actually surprised when reading this thread that he lasted so long. I have pissed myself laughing so many times watching people get booted for way less. I think if people actually read this group, especially the gold in the comments, for a minimum of 6weeks before starting a thread or jumping in with their beLIEfs, it would be very beneficial for their longevity as a member.\nThe truth is the truth, and feeling bad or upset because of the way it is delivered, doesn't change the fact that SCOTT IS ALWAYS RIGHT. \n\nToo many people are expecting a quick fix with no investment on their own part (time to study and learn). They expect answers to be given to them that they feel good about, and for some reason think those answers will lead them to being able to go to COURT and beat the CHARGE using the club rules of which they are not apart of.\n\n What i have seen here is even though Scott can be (IS) very blunt, straight forward and obviously knows a lot more than anyone about the law and the club we are not apart of, if you have taken it upon yourself to at least try, he will assist leading YOU to the answers you need. As long as YOU have no INTENT of harming this group and/or Scott and Tara, and are trying to break your programming and are just STUPID and FRUSTRATING, i have noticed he at least tries to dumb it down to our level. The other thing i have noticed is how the ones who have been members for quite a while and actually have a grasp of all this, are starting to emulate Scott with his attitude towards the newbies ( frustrated, bewildered and have little patients for stupidity).\n\nI only stated that last bit about the long term members to validate the point Scott mentions of \"you can't unlearn this shit!\" I think the long term members are actually doing a great job trying to educate us, and are paying their debt back by at least trying to get as many people as possible (and who are capable of understanding) to be great administrators and/or to LIEN YOUR NAME. \n\nSo even if you don't see me commenting on things, i would like to let you all know that i am learning and grasping the basics. I appreciate the VALUE of all who contribute to this group and one day hope to be able to pay it back. I will be silent again now and continue to learn and have a good laugh while doing so.   Soon i will start posting my questions (for feedback from you all) i intend to send out to the government of Australia about my PERSONS right to security and other issues. After that i will be way more active as i REALLY will need to get assistance in the COMPUTER SCIENCE side of things especially the BLOCKCHAIN courses i could take, and how to make crypto currencies. I fried my brain trying to learn ALL at once. So i decided to get my head around the GOVERNMENT side of things like AGENCY and having a PERSON before attempting to learn the COMPUTER side of things, which i know i will struggle with more than knowing who I am. At least i am in the best place to learn [crossing fingers i don't get banned] \n\nMaybe it is a good thing i am silent at the moment as this piece has rambled on a bit. The point i wanted to get across was that the work you all are doing is very much appreciated, and sometimes even the smallest bit of recognition can show you that you aren't wasting your time (VALUE). I want to be able to take what i need and give the rest away, and play a small or big (depending on how fast i can learn) part in the war on WRONG.",
   "created_time": "2016-04-30T08:00:19+0000"
 }
