 {
   "id": "532446013458002",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_532427420126528",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "When Trent asked the question \"where do you spend your Scottie-bucks?\", he revealed that he was targeting ME and ignoring what I was saying...\n\n...and Derek Moran, even stepped in and pointed it out. You buy MY currency, and you PAY me with it. How fucking hard is that to grasp? It happens on EVERY midway, on a fairground. Where do you spend the tickets you buy at a midway?\n\nThat is why he got removed, and why I intend to kill his revenue stream. You don't get to be intentionally stupid, and claim you have information that has value.\n\n...and that one IS offensive to me. The concept of SELLING information is the lowest form of fraud.\n\nLook at EVERY project I have a hand in. There is a FREE and a buy-to-help-support option. You can sell your own Linux distribution for as much as people will pay for it, but you MUST have a free/community version... It's the law ;)\n\nI have a SERIOUS problem with those who CHARGE MONEY for information. I used to do lectures. Packed venues! I did it because I was asked to. Nothing else. I was never paid (though every time, I was offered). To accept would go against everything I know to be true.\n\nLoving Christians brought an end to that. I learned that adults with imaginary friends will try to harm you, when they hear things they don't like. Even worse, Government workers will use the \"offended Christian\" act to inflict violence. When they pretended to offended MUSLIMS and actually hurt people I cared about, then I stopped.\n\nPlus, as I said, I am keeping a promise. No amount of money is worth breaking that promise.\n\n...and I WILL NOT \"respect\" the \"beliefs\" of others, no matter how \"arrogant\" you think that makes me.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-03T14:07:44+0000"
 }
