 {
   "id": "603516619684274",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_589928301043106",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "message": "Scott Duncan Nope. I must answer the right questions, and I must not lie. That's it. I'm keeping a promise.\n\nScott Duncan OK, I'll dumb it down.\n\nFirst the facts:\n\nThe world is collapsing because you are all too stupid to grasp the issues.\n\nYou are stupid.\n\nI am smart.\n\nStupid people harm smart people.\n\nI have grown to hate stupid people because of this.\n\nI am from the Nobility. They claimed to OWN all the stupid people, and they spent 300 years programming their pet stupid people, and they said the stupid people I hate could be my pets too.\n\nI said that I dislike stupid people and it's not my right to control people, stupid or otherwise. They \"cast me out\".\n\nNow I live among stupid people, and you are slaves.\n\nYou LOVE slavery. You don't want anything more than to have more than the slave beside you. You don't know any better.\n\nIt would be cruel for you to know anything else.\n\n...so I'm letting you know there's something else.\n\n...and you can't have it because you don't know how not to be a slave.\n\nI am teaching you to harm you because I hate you. Clear enough?\n\nScott Duncan I do so...without breaking my oaths.\n\nScott Duncan ...when I'm done, you'll wish the imaginary \"devil\" we invented for your \"god\" was real, so he could \"bless\" you with a \"biblical\" hell, rather than what your life will be if I succeed.\n\n...and I'm a VERY GOOD Noble.\n\nScott Duncan I'll dumb your fate down for you.\n\nYou will SEE EVERYTHING.\n\nYou will see what you missed and can't exploit because you are too old and stupid.\nYou will see how you were steered every step of your so-called \"life\", and above all, I promise to make you see with CRYSTAL CLARITY THAT YOU DID IT TO YOURSELF.\n\nScott Duncan I know 5 Nobles personally. They range from love to hate like any other demograph.\n\nScott Duncan ...and just because you aren't \"religious\" doesn't mean you aren't programmed.\n\nScott Duncan Religion is CHILDHOOD programming.\n\nScott Duncan Religion is like Doctor Who. Its intended audience is children, but is filled with child-brains of all ages.\n\nDino Quiring I have mostly presumed the monachy was behind this charade but I remember you mentioning something about the nobles screwing them too. Is the Monarchy not part of the scam?\n\nScott Duncan No. They were once. Now they are just a showpiece. Pretty prisoners.",
   "created_time": "2013-12-24T15:25:36+0000"
 }
