 {
   "id": "603513546351248",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_589928301043106",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "message": "Scott Duncan It ACTUALLY started about 5000 years ago. The \"Abrahamic\" Monotheist religions are all just plagiarizations of each other (they keep re-writing them) with ONE PRIMARY GOAL. The Subjugation of WOMEN.\n\nBefore the Abrahamic religions, the concept of \"women as property\" didn't exist. Women were GODS in the older mythologies.\n\n...so ask yourself; WHY go through all this trouble to subjugate women? What for?\n\nAll your answers will become clear after that.\n\nScott Duncan Eamonn O Brien; Reproduction is just a small part. Women simply have BETTER brains with WAY more range.\n\nMen have linear thought, allowing engineering and hunting skills, but not much else.\n\nProgramming women to fight/compete with each other, and NEVER teach each other would be a GREAT way to \"level the playing field\"!\n\nScott Duncan Get women COOPERATING. THAT shit will scare you.\n\nThere is a reason Muammar al-Gaddafi had a herd of \"specially trained\" women guarding him all those years. \n\nScott Duncan Give me 6 women who can learn, and trust ME implicitly, and I will give YOU a continent of rubble and death. You couldn't stop it.\n\nScott Duncan No, Bobis Youruncle, you have a pre-programmed baseless contrary position. Nothing else. I know this to be true, because that is all you are programmed to feel.\n\nScott Duncan Men and women do not and can not cooperate for any considerable length of time. (Mating excepted)\n\nScott Duncan I state that with the certainty that I state that the sun will be to the east tomorrow morning. It's just the way it is.",
   "created_time": "2013-12-24T15:17:12+0000"
 }
