 {
   "id": "868818633154070",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_480688621967075",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "These are things that worried me in 1982.\n\nThis was BEFORE we had \"alternative money\".\n\nSo here is how you do it.\n\nStep 1: INCORPORATE IN DELAWARE. Head for the eye of the storm, it's calm there.\n\nStep 2: Get a registered agent. You would pay more for babysitting, and the person being cared for actually BENEFITS you.\n\nStep 3: Classify your shares! Ask your accountant about it. You want a LOT of NON-VOTING SHARES. These are your \"pawns\" and can get shit done.\n\nStep 4: Liquidate EVERYTHING YOU HAVE, but DON'T SPEND THE MONEY! LOAN it to the corporation. Your accountant can do that too. You then DISCHARGE the monthly payments and submit the transactions to reporting agencies (Through your accountant) and suddenly your PERSON has a CREDIT RATING.\n\nStep 5: Mandate that the ACTING PRESIDENT have food/shelter/utilities provided in your charter.\n\nStep 6: Make that registered agent earn their keep. They give great rates for long-term contracts and it looks good on credit reports.\n\nStep 7: Get vulture capital. For that you need an idea. I have a warehouse full of them if you can't find any. This will allow you to live VERY comfortably, and you will have a surplus. This goes to EVERYONE. Whatever you build MUST SERVE EVERYONE. YES, EVEN THE \"BAD GUYS\". Yes, even Derek Moran and Robert Menard.\n\nStep 8: Buy a ship and give it to me.",
   "created_time": "2015-08-18T13:03:34+0000"
 }
