 {
   "id": "602444359791500",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_602379466464656",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "message": "Scott Duncan OOO, a PROTEST! Wow...\n\nOk, now let's discuss why protesting is a waste of time, and only serves to solidify the corruption.\n\nDean Clifford, could you please step in here and explain why protests are the stupidest fucking thing you can do?\n\nScott Duncan You have amnesia. Egypt? Bahrain? REALLY?\n\nWhich protests were they, that made a difference? The ones they had LAST year, or the ones this year, protesting \"the solution\"?\n\nDo tell? which one of those protests \"made a difference\"?\n\nScott Duncan I agree. However acknowledging their \"authority\" by \"Protesting\" only solidifies their position. You acknowledge they are criminals, but don't treat them as such.\n\nWhen criminals are prosecuted, does the Crown get a bunch of people and \"protest\" out side the criminal's home? No? Why is that?\n\nScott Duncan I just intend to render them obsolete.\n\nYOU control your value and I'm showing you how to in these forums. BitCoin is JUST THE FIRST BABY STEPS! (A \"baby step\" with a billion dollar market cap!)\n\nWhat happens to their monetized \"persons\" when they have no money? \n\nMo Chara Do Chara my kids protest against their bed times but I still put them to their beds\n\nScott Duncan That is because the protest acknowledges your authority.\n\nIf they DIDN'T acknowledge your authority, they'd likely kill you in your sleep. \n\nScott Duncan Oh well then. McDonalds was halted...temporarily... which has nothing to do with government and rights...it's a special interest group fighting private-sector initiatives. This isn't government.\n\nIn fact I dare say the whole purpose of this article is to convince people \"protesting works\"...\n\n...and then you will all step out to be rounded up.\n\nJust ask people at the G20.\n\nScott Duncan Protesting people who think it's their right to harm you, is just stupid. They really do think it's their right. The only solution to that mentality of entitlement, is a bullet to the brain. That delusion cannot be cured. They really do think you are their servants, and that YOU are the criminals for challenging that notion.\n\nProtesting just means all the people they view as \"criminals\" are in one place. Seriously, I can't lay it out any plainer.\n\nScott Duncan JUST LIKE THOSE BRAVE WOMEN IN INDIA WHO ALL BANDED TOGETHER TO LET RAPISTS KNOW THEY ARE \"STANDING UP\" TO THEM!\n\n...after which the rapists targeted them one by one until they all shut up again.\n\nThat really happened. Examine that as what happens when your logic applies.\n\nScott Duncan There is only one cure for the rapist's mentality; A bullet to the brain.\n\nGovernment workers have the rapist's mentality. It's why they work for the government; They aren't wanted in the real world. It's they only way they can survive, and they really don't care if you \"stand up\" to them. All you are doing is targeting yourself.\n\nPierre Eleveneightfivetwo What about Iceland ?\n\nScott Duncan What about it? That's an entire country with the population of Kitchener Ontario. It's easy with small numbers. No different than tossing Kitchener's mayor out of office.",
   "created_time": "2013-12-21T20:59:45+0000"
 }
