 {
   "id": "516123705090233",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_516107055091898",
   "from_name": "Jinny Freeman",
   "message": "Yes B12 deficiency goes beyond just vegetarians and vegans. I get notifications from a forum with people who are deficient in B12 and a lot of them confess to being meat eaters. It is more about an absorption, methylation and/or an intrinsic factor issue than getting enough B12. I am a vegan and I do supplement with B12 because I have an methylation issue, my husband is vegan and has adequate B12 with no problems. I do support  the idea that pregnant women should supplement this vitamin no matter what their diet is. A B12 deficiency is one of the most under diagnosed deficiency amongst all types of eaters. There are many symptoms and it can mimic different 'diseases' like MS and Alzheimer's. There is also the factor of which form of B12 is best absorbed. I take 2 different types of B12 both sublingual, one being Methylcobalmin, the other a B12 coenzyme know as Dibencozide. Both left between my gum and cheek until they dissolve for maximum absorption. There is a great book on this subject called \"Could it Be the B12?\" Based on my research I am convinced many people have died of a B12 deficiency but because they ate a Standard American Diet no test were preformed to detect a B12 deficiency. The deficiency is higher in numbers for children and the elderly. By the way B12 is made from the bacteria in the animals stomach. I can say that when I ate an American Standard Diet i felt like shit, really, now at 48 I feel the best I have ever felt, and for me that is all the proof I need, no studies can convince me otherwise, especially in this fiction world where most everything is bought and paid for, even PEER REVIEWED evidence. Love you Scott!! ;)",
   "created_time": "2013-05-23T16:04:01+0000"
 }
