 {
   "id": "676423485726920",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_674188432617092",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "Oh, that damn signature! Man, that shit was drilled in ours heads pretty hard. I wonder why? Oh, wait! :D\n\nI soon have to renew the driver license contract. And, as most of you, I am not any kind of expert in any of this. So, as a \"born-again\" sole authorized administrator, I am urged to NOTIFY the DMV of a few mistakes, and introduce the sole authorized administrator. I will slip a copy of the affirmation of the sole authorized administrator.\n\nI will communicate in the notice that the person I happen to have needs a drivers license, because if not the sole authorized administrator may be seen as the liable party for the legal name, and I fear for my life when strangers think they can beat me up like Kunta Kinte, and commit crimes against me, for not producing \"id.\" Also, I inform that the sole authorized administrator has decided NOT to buy back any public debt. So, I set the record straight of WHO is surety, who am I, and who I am NOT,  even before touching their offices. \n\nI send evidence with my notice to support my claim (affirmation, copy of the BC). I notify that I will be going to this particular office, this particular date to apply for the person, and that I will sign as the sole authorized administrator for the legal name. If there is anything illegal, or unlawful about this, please let me know. If not, I will assume we have an agreement, and I will apply for the person's driver's license. I want to let know my INTENT before hand. I do not sign notices, I use my administrator seal now, or nothing at all. \n\nI carry a stamp that has my signature qualified as the sole authorized administrator that I carry around, for when I need it.  Or, when it's a digital signature on a pad I write \"Authorized by: Sole Authorized Administrator for MACKXIMUS MINIMUS\", but no \"signature.\" Just that NOTE/NOTICE. :D\n\nWell, that is what it's on my mind, but what the fuck do I know? :/ At least I have the truth, and know how to keep it simple. Let's see how it all goes.",
   "created_time": "2014-06-04T16:49:30+0000"
 }
