 {
   "id": "747136891988912",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_746990012003600",
   "from_name": "Chris Evan",
   "message": "9111-1111 Quebec is a bank.  THAT'S IT!  Its a bank.  Its for depositing, its not for commerce.  The very idea that it would send a bill to PIERRE DAOUST is commerce.  It would also be a self authenticating security....which no one will trust.  But, 9111-1111 Quebec has an undertaking of balancing the TRUST that it holds, and it was entrusted with PIERRE DAOUST, therefore, with only EXCHANGING money, it must balance the books.  \n\nFor instance....a bill comes in PIERRE DAOUSTs mailbox.  Well, this bill is for something that the Sole Authorized Administrator of PIERRE DAOUST asked for.  The order was made, the bill is just a formality and the TRUSTEE must buy that thing.  So, the TRUSTEE sends some Money of Exchange and it becomes the lawful holder of the bill.  It simply creates a Bill of Exchange out of it and endorses it For Deposit Only [or some other wording possibly to transfer the instrument to 9111-111 Quebec (on the back of course)].  Note: no commerce has happened...this is simply an exchange. \n\nAnother example....a bill comes in PIERRE DAOUSTs mailbox and the Sole Authorized Administrator did not ask for that thing.  Upon inspection, it is an offer to buy some public debts.  Now, presuming that the man that is authorized to use this account, PIERRE DAOUST, has resigned and the security has been damaged, the instrument is the property of 9111-1111 Quebec, but the liability belongs to the owner of PIERRE DAOUST.  \n\nMaybe this is a good time to discuss damaging the security....The BC is a way for them to claim rights to the PERSON.  They want the money generated from commerce using the PERSON.  By liening the security, you are invoking the jurisdictional traffic cop known as the UCC to direct the rights to the lienholder.  Without damaging the security, 9111-1111  Quebec doesn't have an interest in the PERSON...remember, a lien is simply a claim to the value.  \n\nNow Pete, you are also the Administrator of a commercial venture called SFC Inc.  As I see the situation (minus that marriage, I don't know about that, but lets just say that its just PIERRE, SFC, and 9111-1111 Quebec), 9111-1111 Quebec should issue 2 shares of stock.  One to PIERRE DAOUST and one to SFC, Inc.  That share would replace the function of the BC and act as a claim to value for 9111-1111 Quebec to its persons money.  SFC, Inc is required to balance its own accounting, but, it can deposit its value to its holding company.  \n\nA couple weeks back, I came to the realization that the only reason to get into commerce is to buy a bunch of debt....profit, as you know it traditionally, is a red herring. \n\nNow, lets look at the elephant in the room...these fucking marriages.  If you are married, you need to create a new person to do commerce with...call it Joseph Gilles.  Joseph Gilles is now the person which you and your wife will do commerce with.  It will be a corporation..This thing will make agreements, buy debts, etc...it would also have to be a shareholder of 9111-1111 Quebec and that would give 9111-1111 Quebec a claim to the value of that Person.  \n\nThis whole thing is all about creating proxies to buy a bunch of dbt that is deposited and secured by a trust holding company.  \n\nThat is my comprehension of it....I am pretty sure it is accurate, but I am sure Scott will gladly correct me if I have left a stain shit.  \n\nOh...one final point....The Chartered Accountant is the person who registers the accounting on the correct ledgers.  See, the lien is a public notice of damaging the security, but the Chartered Accountant actually does the damage.  Just because we file a UCC1 or a PPSA, it doesn't mean that it is etched in stone (right Gail?).  The Chartered Accountant 'etches' the lien in stone because that person REGISTERS the lien.  [I think that person can also register deposits, but I am not entirely sure yet...I think this is the person we will meet with quarterly to register all deposits and they will perform the accounting and certify the value as such...but I don't know yet]",
   "created_time": "2014-11-14T09:28:19+0000"
 }
