 {
   "id": "525147234187880",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_524864560882814",
   "from_name": "Chad Brodgesell",
   "message": "\"You think wrong and value the wrong things\" ???\n(You think wrong).......\n1) Is Thinking wrong really Thinking poorly? Or, is just not Thinking but merely Reacting without thought to facts and consequences? Something like instinctively coming to a conclusion?\n2) Or is Thinking wrong just Blindly coming to a conclusion with no basis what so ever?\n(Value the wrong things)\n1) Is this ment from Valuable Consideration such as needs or desires or monetary in nature?\n2) Or is it ment from the Belief of a Value such as Market Value, Book Value or Salable Value?\n\nAll these are derived from Accepting Belief of what someone else says. Where in the true value is simple what is accepted for when an exchange takes place and IS DONE.\nWhat I Believe is the Value is just plain shitte. The Value is what it is at the Exchange of Goods Services whatever the value is only what I give it.\nThe chainsaw had a Value of $150.00 when I exchanged some notes for it. The chainsaw now has a Value of assisting me by cutting trees in a most efficient manner in which I may heat my home and cook with. The chainsaw now does not work. It is of No Value to me anymore. Now Scott wants some wood cut and he is good fixing broken things, he decides it,s value to him at $30.00, he makes me an offer, I accept. He gets chainsaw I get bullets for the value of the notes which don't even touch my hands as I ask Scott to give it to the clerk who gives me the bullets. I now shoot myself in the head testing the bullets to see if they have real value. Scott thinks the stupid factor of my actions has great value as comedy and amusement. The clerk just sees expense as he now has to clean up more mess but still receive the same value as before for his time spent.\nThe bullets are great! Excellent value for the notes it cost me.",
   "created_time": "2013-06-14T21:23:50+0000"
 }
