 {
   "id": "844304445605489",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_844101872292413",
   "from_name": "Chris Evan",
   "message": "Great work!  I am re-reading this as I am prone to missing the point.  (I'm sure there is a record of this)  I have a quick question based on a real world example....\n\nIn the article, you wrote this: \"You ACCEPTED a TENDER FOR LAW as soon as you used that NAME to BENEFIT in any way\"\n\nThat is obvious and self evident, Scott has taught us how to work around this.  However, last time I got a cell phone, along with a plan, for SGMI, Verizon Wireless would not give me a phone, nevermind a plan, without using a Social Slave Number.  I questioned them on this, the associate called corporate, or legal or whoever....She came back and said there was no work around for the matter, BUT, as soon as the business account is opened, it doesn't go through the Slave anymore (or something like that).  \n\nThat was a lie.  I even said \"What if General Electric came in here and wanted a plan, would you ask for a SSN?\"  They said it s a different department.  I asked to be connected with them, but it was only for plans with 10 or more lines (or some other criteria).  \n\nSo....my question is, I did everything I could have, outside of building my own communications network (this may be the answer, huh?) to use a different legal entity that I created (SGMI), how can I not have to use the legal entity (CHRIS) in a situation like this? :-/",
   "created_time": "2015-06-20T01:17:33+0000"
 }
