 {
   "id": "735950649774203",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_735933603109241",
   "from_name": "Lei Gh",
   "message": "For clarification, I believe they have responded to the PEREMPTORY NOTICE that was faxed as they failed to respond to previous correspondence and looking back it is the only correspondence to which a response via registered mail was required.\n\nPEREMPTORY NOTICE\n\n1) I am the SOLE AUTHORIZED ADMINISTRATOR of AMY COLLINS.\n\n2) I have previously submitted completed bills of exchange and have asked for advise regarding said negotiable instruments and possible defects in same, to which there has been NO response and have led to services being disconnected, illegally, despite numerous attempts to settle this matter and many harassing telephone calls from agents.\n\n3) On July 22, 2014, I completed and mailed July's remittance via regular mail, to which agents have claimed that the problem is with Canada Post as it was not received. Time was taken to contact Canada Post regarding this claim. Canada Post denies responsibility and informed me that should there be a problem with the destination, the mail would be returned to sender. It was not returned, nor was the payment credited to account # 265- XXXXXXXXX and therefore am led to believe you have said correspondence and are failing to acknowledge it, which is FRAUD and THEFT of my property.\n\n4) On August 22, 2014, I completed and mailed August's remittance via registered mail, tracking # RN 0XXXXXXCA. This was received August 29, 2014 by Kushmar Krisnia. Payment was not credited to account and agents still claim that mail was not received, despite verification provided via tracking #, and my knowledge of the Bills of Exchange Act 1985.\n\n5) On August 12, 2014, I voided and mailed the DISCONNECTION NOTICE dated July 30, 2014, with notice attached, while I acted in good faith to resolve this matter and to avoid controversy, unlike Rogers. Rogers has displayed deceit, controversy, fraud and theft in these matters and have ignored my attempts to act honorably.\n\n6) As of September 19, 2014, it was made clear by your agent, Bob, that these remittances have not be acknowledged and that an investigation into same was commenced September 7, 2014 and was closed upon finding nothing, without notifying AMY of same. September's invoice will be completed and mailed, as were the other months, despite being informed that mail service is NOT reliable, by Rogers agents.\n\nBe advised, I do not accept telephone calls and charge $500.00 per attempted call, $1000.00 per correspondence by me , and $250 per day for each day services were stolen from me and/or until internet services are restored. My time is valuable. I wish for immediate attention to this matter.\n\nYou have 10 days to respond or I will assume that Rogers is acting illegally in this matter and/or that there is no debt regarding AMY COLLINS and/or Rogers is making a false claim against AMY COLLINS, which is tantamount to FRAUD.\n\nAdministration fees do apply, as noticed previously. See attached invoice. Payment is due upon receipt. Any and/or all responses are to be mailed via registered mail to FUCK OFF LAND\n\nWith integrity and honesty,\n\nBY: Sole Authorized Administrator of AMY COLLINS\nS.I.N. 1XXXXXXX\nAll Rights Reserved/Without Prejudice",
   "created_time": "2014-10-20T17:06:15+0000"
 }
