 {
   "id": "644791572223445",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_643740962328506",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "Will Bed, they are LYING to you. They will not reply back saying: \"Shit, you've got us! :/  You discovered our secret conspiracy, here are the laws, so here is your gold back.\"\n\nYou READ the definition of what a PROMISSORY NOTE is, you don't need to beg them to provide you with \"laws\", you don't beg to your rapist to provide you proof that he can rape you. \n\nThey are the HOLDER IN DUE COURSE of YOUR PROMISSORY NOTE/GOLD. They are RESPONSIBLE for it. That is why they say they \"keep it in a safe place\". Just like they tell us to keep the BC \"in a safe place\".\n\nSend them a NOTICE with TERMS and CONDITIONS, explaining that, as the SOLE AUTHORIZED ADMINISTRATOR for XXXXXX, you are giving them have X amount of days to return the GOLD, or they can decide to KEEP the GOLD, conditionally that if they agree, you will send them an INVOICE to settle the DEBT they owe for keeping your gold/note. And as a COURTESY, just include that INVOICE there.\n\nYou see, YOU are the CREDITOR, you have the upper hand, if you know your power. They are used for people beg others to solve their problems. You, on the other hand, must see YOU as the ONLY party that can settle something for you. You have the tools. If not, you'll end-up soliciting services, and you know what that means. \n\nYou keep something from me, and don't want to give it back? Don't create controversy, agree by sending an INVOICE. Fuckem'. The ball is in THEIR court now.\n\nThen just follow the steps to end-up with an ex-parte order.\n\nThis is just my thoughts about it.",
   "created_time": "2014-03-27T17:52:07+0000"
 }
