 {
   "id": "462493170453287_975159352519997",
   "created_time": "2016-04-05T05:17:50+0000",
   "updated_time": "2016-04-05T05:29:22+0000",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "from_id": "927379467328526",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "diaspora (n). From Greek, dispersion, from diaspeirein; to scatter, from dia- + speirein to sowthe movement, migration, or scattering of a people away from an established or ancestral homeland.\n===============================================\n2016 has been an interesting year, so far.  I'm now at the phase of my initiative where people are starting to put some pieces together.  Those of you who have studied under me, are familiar with the ground rules of any large-scale operation.   The principle one is, \"While you're building, NEVER LET THEM TAKE YOU SERIOUSLY\"!\n\nUnfortunately this rule has now been broken, because people are now starting to take me seriously.  Most of 2010 was occupied with the ongoing research and development of cryptographic currencies.  One of the first things I set out to do, once cryptographic currencies turned out to be viable, was to seek out those who understood the legal ramifications of what was being built, and people who understand what money is.  I'm sad to say that in 2010, the only ones that were even qualified to hear what I had to say, were a few smart Libertarians and the FREE-DUMBERS.  I actively sought out Robert Menard.  This, of course, turned out to be a colossal failure.   While Menard was more than qualified, it didn't change the fact that he's a lying, drunk, con artist.   A year later, Dean Clifford sought me out.  He was more interested in the AQUILAE TRUST than he was in any fancy computer money.  Menard actually tried to \"mansplain\" that the whole purpose behind money is that you can \"buy things with it\", and made the ever popular comment, \"What if the server goes down?\"  It's the one thing I've noticed about the FREE-DUMBERS.  They really seem to hate technology.  Dean Clifford aggressively fought to avoid learning anything.  I point out to everyone who will listen, how intimately tied to computer science all of your lives are.  I've lived nearly half a century on this planet, and all the things I grew up with, are gone.  \n\nThere are no telephones.  There are computers pretending to be telephones.  There are no radios.  There are computers pretending to be radios.  There are no televisions.  There are computers pretending to be televisions.  To this day, I still get confused looks when I say that there are no cars; there are just rolling unsecured networks of computers, pretending to be cars.  It's a matter of PUBLIC RECORD that I literally pretended to be a \"retard\" so I could get access to computers.  I wasn't the only one.  His name was Peter Sheppard.  He had no interest in computer science.  He was just lazy and didn't want to do any actual school work, which I totally respected him for.   That action was one of my first \"practise what you preach\" exercises.  When you're smarter than everyone else around you, the opinions and perceptions of everyone else around you become irrelevant.   This was my first real-world exercise of this concept, and it's not as easy as I make it sound.  I was also fourteen years-old.  At the time there were a lot of factors working against my interest over which I had absolutely no control.  \n\nNow in 2016, I find myself in the unique position of understanding more than all of my fellow man.  This is not an arrogant declaration.  It is a fact.  I have simply dedicated more effort to the task than everybody else in history; because at that early age, I fell in love with computers.  At the time they were just simple enough for the average man to understand.   I could tell you exactly how a Commodore 64 CPU worked.  I have no fucking clue how an i7 works, but I do know from those fundamentals acquired in the early days, the things that must be true.  This means I can understand how an i7 works, should I choose to.  Is the Internet what I thought it would become in the old days?  Hell no!  Those few times I attempted to express to my family what it was I was doing, and studying, and spending my time on, they literally labelled me \"crazy\", and told everyone I was pretending to be part of a \"secret society\".   They just shrugged this off, as the by-product of having been sold to the government.  Yes, they really did that shit in the '70s; and only to people with \"Noble Lineage\".  I'll be covering that on Diaspora when our POD is ready....\n\n...but I digress...\n\nYou read the above and there's no way anyone reading this without context could think that these things are anything but the ramblings of a madman...except they're all true, and I've shown that they're all true, and I'm going to show more truth.  \n\nThese are truths you simply couldn't understand without acquiring the knowledge you've gained so far.  It's starting to happen.  People outside the LAW SOCIETY and the upper caste of the ATTORNEY GENERAL are starting to take me seriously.   I will admit that there is this latent fear that I'll wake up in the morning with Vice saying they totally found Satoshi Nakamoto this morning...honest...and a really bad picture from high school serving as the background.  But I think I'm ok.  I don't have much to worry about, because as I've said before, it's really difficult to sell somebody an idea.  It is, however, stupidly simple to sell them money.  I have made a lot of people, a lot of money -- literally.   \n\nBy the time I started THE TENDER FOR LAW, which to this day is the only place I publish under my own name, there were over fifty (50) different crypto-currencies in existence.  When I first started the group, Dean Clifford had just been ratified into the AQUILAE TRUST.   He was actually an administrator of this group, which brings me to this group.\n\nYou people are my only contact with the \"outside world\", and the minimal contact I've had with you in this insincere medium, has profoundly affected your lives.  As I ponder, while writing, I'm surprised at the number of names that are on this list.  I get an indescribable rush (that I don't quite understand yet) when you people benefit tangibly from what I have shown you.  Outside of this medium there are others who literally became millionaires over night.  Eighty percent of them crashed and burned, because they stopped listening to me.  That other twenty percent thought right, and valued the right things.  All of them feel they owe me a debt, even though they've paid their debt -- and I certainly don't want to discourage that!  If people want to feel gratitude, and have the urge to give me shit, I encourage them to do so.  Just make sure that shit is a consumable that everyone can use.   If I need anything else I can make/get it myself.   Again I digress...\n\nThis is about people starting to take me seriously.\n\nThe wrong people are starting to make the \"right\" connections.  There's nothing I can really do to stop it.  We live in a world right now, that has things humanity has never had before.  This very medium I'm talking to you on, will one day seem as antiquated as a console stereo seems today.  When computer science is at the core of who you are, all you do is look ahead at the possibilities - based on what exists right now.  These people have always existed.  They're just really well equipped now.  I can build things for less than $100 that would have cost thousands fewer than ten years ago.  In the time that my sister group - THE ANSWER TO EVERYTHING - has existed, you've literally watched the evolution of the system-on-a-chip (SOC); and today the Raspberry Pi 0 is $5.  To purchase that capability in 1997, would have cost about $5,000.   These monster machines that form the core of who I am, are now commodities that can be bought for $5.  The time that I took advantage of that foresight I had, those many years ago which compelled me to pretend to be a retard, is a time that will never come again.  \n\nThis has caused the most distinct separation between you, the reader, and myself.  \n\nIn every way that matters we are \"equal\", in as much as we're both semi-evolved chimps that made it this far.  Both of us can buy a Pi 0 for $5.00.  Only one of us actually understand it.  It's my \"super-power\".  There's literally no computer I can't understand, and I find myself in the odd position of having to ask, \"What do I do with this super power?\"  It's only when your government leash-holders turned on me, that I decided CHANGE EVERYTHING was the answer.  It's one of the reasons I'm a rabid backer of OPEN SOURCE and FREE SOFTWARE.  This is an issue that none of you really understand, yet it will impact all of your lives.  You may not love computers as I do, or even have a desire to understand how they work.  Many of you are just happy enough to believe they're just \"magic 'pooter boxes\"...and that's it.  But it's YOUR RIGHT to understand.  You've heard me say before, that none of you really grasp what has been stolen from you, and I'm here to tell you, that this is one of the things that is BEING stolen from you.  The right to understand how this technology works is one of the most important things in your life today.  Yet none of you are even qualified to understand the issue at hand.  I hope I've painted a broad picture of it.  I'm sure I frighten you when I point out that your life is intimately tied to computer science, and none of you know anything about computer science.   \n\nThere are interests at play that want to remove that RIGHT from you.  They want to make this global ignorance a permanent state.  This is very serious, and it's why I won't charge money for software.  You idiots will post videos of a Rube Goldberg machine, guaranteed re-posts if it ends with something hitting a cat...but computer science is way beyond that, and the rules are very simple to understand.  Everything in the universe is ON or OFF, just like the real universe.  I've said it before.  I can speak to the universe, and it will speak back in numbers - numbers only computer science can understand.  As you're about to see, all of the above is connected.\n\nWhen people start taking you seriously when you make \"crazy claims\" such as \"collapse the banking system and start a war\", the first thing they'll attempt to do, is discredit you.  They, of course, have to resort to lying to accomplish it.  The strangest thing is, the people who perpetrate these lies are never called to account for the damage they do.   The recent Ghomeshi*  trial is an example of this.  For those unfamiliar with the case, a prominent Toronto broadcaster was very publicly charged with aggravated assault, and aggravated sexual assault, which carries a maximum penalty of life in prison with the possibility of parole after twenty-five years.  This was some serious shit.  When the story broke, more \"victims\" came out to testify.  The Feminazis wanted to hang the guy on the spot.  The TL;DR of the trial was that this Toronto broadcaster like to do some fucked-up shit in bed, and three cunts thought it would be a good idea to lie about it.   During the trial, the Feminazis were there to show their support for these women that the Justice specifically said were lying.   That's the world in 2016.  These women deliberately lied in court, as they plotted in public on fucking Facebook.  \n\nI mention this because this is something I'm going to be dealing with soon.  Up until now, we had Menard and Dan Lien-Your-Name Wilson lying about me publicly, and that's about it.  But I've been engaging LAWYERS publicly head-on, hitting them with the questions that will compel they to lie every time - and provably lie.   There are questions like, \"Does the LAW SOCIETY CLAIM OWNERSHIP of all INDIVIDUALS?\", and \"What does an ATTORNEY ATTORN?\"  Many of you have been eagerly watching these exchanges, mostly because I make you; and it surprises you every single time how quickly they start lying.  That's what lawyers do.  They lie.   It starts with the law degree itself.  The stereotypical Jewish mother wants her son to become a doctor or a lawyer.  Why does this stereotype exist?  Well, it's just something that \"everybody knows\".  As I've explained and shown you for years, when \"everybody knows\" something, it means there is a lot of money and a large-scale agenda at work.  By large-scale I mean time.  In this case it's an attempt to place the art of lying on the same level of respectability as the practice of medicine.  These are literally people who want to be associated with the STEM fields -- but with an art's degree.  Never forget that.  A law degree is an Art's Degree, like \"Gender Studies\", or \"Philosophy\".  \n\nSo remember that when you see your aunt, or brother, or cousin who is a lawyer.  These are 3's dressed up as 9's.  Everything about them is a lie.  It is important to remember that they chose this, and invested four long years learning the necessary memory and recitation rituals, that will get you that magic LAW DEGREE.  For the public record, I have two of them, and I did not get them under the name, Scott Duncan.  A computer scientist that studies law seems almost like a contradiction in terms.  I'm a man who had a life plan at the age of thirteen, because overnight, everything changed.  \n\nAs I approach the half century mark, all of you get even more and more confusing.  My companion throughout this entire journey was computer science itself, and the thing about computer science is that once you truly understand it, the nature of that understanding compels you to always look forward.  To look at the most mundane things with a computer attached to it...and see the infinite possibilities.  I'm certain to this day that you still don't understand what I mean when I say there are literally trillions of dollars worth of free shit just waiting to be exploited.  Open source and free software are your only legal protection from having your right to understand these magnificent machines, taken away from you - by strangers serving an agenda who don't give a shit about you.  \n\nSo that's pretty much my last gem for you before people start throwing shit at me.  \n\nRight now they're throwing the expendable, and the mentally ill, at me.  Agents through agency.  Somebody the cops have frightened.  Somebody who's going to court, and is hoping for leniency if they cooperate.  This gives the government plausible deniability, but it's just a matter of time before the agents themselves are deployed.  Until then there are feeble attempts to lie about me, in play, one of which is below for your consideration.   I have no idea what lies await, so I can't even preemptively defend myself against what's coming.   Who knows?  That fact that I'm posting this may even cause future plans to be aborted.  See, here's the thing.  The government's \"home turf\" is also my \"home turf\".  I was their property for three (3) years, and their mercenary for ten (10).  I was literally designed to harm you.  Your government did this.  It's practically instinct in me; and as compelling as that programming I received in those three years was/is, my brain literally had better things to do.  It allowed me to lay out a rough plan, one that I had to do alone - because you're all too stupid and love your bullshit too much.  That's why lying is so compelling for you.  There's literally an art's degree for lying, and substantial compensation for learning it well.  There is no such thing as a \"good lawyer\".  IT'S A FUCKING ARTS DEGREE FOR LYING!  If you know any lawyers, and they CLAIM not to know this, guess what....they're lying!  They've got the diploma on their wall to prove it.  TRUST but VERIFY.\n\nI had the good/mis fortune of calling a lawyer \"friend\".  His name was Steve Krupnick, and as promised at a later date, I shall tell the story of his son, Harrison, and his role in that last day which I'm sure still confuses him.  However, when I publish that, it's a bell I can't un-ring.  It will get a lot of attention globally, and I don't think Facebook should benefit from it directly.\n\nWhich brings me to the last subject which connects all of this.\n\nI'm talking about, of course, Diaspora.\n\nIf you're an avid follower of...well, me, you will note that historically my very first post on Facebook was the announcement of Diaspora going live.  Now I want everyone to look at the parallels between Diaspora and Bitcoin, because I gotta tell 'ya, I've gotten a lot of grief over the years about how crypto-currencies were a \"failure\".   It seemed like every month there was an announcement of the death of Bitcoin.   Well, the same thing is happening with Diaspora.  Wired magazine has announced, no fewer than three times, that the Diaspora project is a failure.   Yet here I am, still endorsing it like it's the next great thing.  \n\nUnlike cryptographic currencies that are literally selling you money, Diaspora is more of an idea.  It's an idea that I'm intimate with, and if deployed right and adopted by enough people, it will change everything, because we all collectively have the power to change Diaspora on the fly.  The idea behind Diaspora is that you decide what a social network is.   Because some douche came up with the concept of \"social network\", and the douches that adopted it seem to be the ones deciding for you.  I don't want to build these things for you.  I don't care if you ever understand your computer or not.  It's important to me that you always have the option of understanding.  That's what open/free software is all about.  You may not even know this is a right you want to protect, and that's how most of your rights are stolen.  They're stolen because you don't understand something.  This is basically how things are run.  Yes there are people who \"know all the secrets\", but they're not in charge of anything.  They're used until they are no longer useful, and then they're disposed of -- like any other commodity.  Virtually every system in the government is a sorting mechanism for that commodity, and as we begin our migration to Diaspora I'm going to explain to you in painstaking detail, how to navigate and exploit that mechanism.   What you do with that knowledge is entirely up to you.  Know ahead of time that the government loves to throw its \"agents\" under the bus, which they will most certainly do every time you leverage the things I'm about to show you on Diaspora.  \n\nBut that's for the future.  For now, people are going to start spending a lot of time and effort, doing nothing but lying about me.  These attacks are going to get more, and more vicious.  This one literally celebrates our victimization as lying about me didn't seem to be working.  Remember, lawyers don't care what you think of them.  They have their own \"society\", remember?  So what you think of them is functionally irrelevant.  The LAW SOCIETY literally considers you \"property\", but they rely on your ignorance.  If you could convey to cows at Burger King's cattle ranches what their owners have determined for them, I'm sure you'd get a stampede.  You'll notice I'm not directly pointing you to a location where you can confirm that lawyer's think this.  Instead I'm engaging the lawyers themselves, publicly, so you can see how they react.  Their reactions say way more than me pointing at the documentary evidence ever could.  Of all the things that aren't hidden, this one is the most hidden.  For here in reality, none of this is hidden.  That's how they get away with it.  Except, I'm telling everybody how everything works - and I'm signing my name to it.  \n\nI was a speciality commodity specifically designed to harm you.  But as much as I want to, I don't have the right, and neither do you...and neither do they.\n\nLet this serve as a synopsis of my time here.  Many of you see the writing on the wall at Facebook, and I'll be using Diaspora in much the same way.  My mark will be left by being the only one who used Facebook the way that I did.  I changed the conditions of the test.  That will always be my only vindication.  Let it also serve as advice.  If you ever find yourself in the position where you could change the conditions of the test, don't be afraid.  Do it!  If you don't, you'll regret it the rest of your life.  \n\nSo, anyway...here's somebody deliberately lying about me, and celebrating Judicial corruption.",
   "link": "https://www.facebook.com/commonlyknownaseducational/photos/a.1074784152542056.1073741828.1074721215881683/1115221485164989/?type=3",
   "name": "Common Sense",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "The right to represent yourself, you say?  \n\nIt may or may not be presently apparent that one may represent one self as a fool.  As primarily one is presumed innocent.  Consider:  A constitutional duty of old was to seek out the idiot's.  Writ, de Idiota.    One may attribute Not Criminally Responsible as one area in law which derives from such considerations.  Nativitates and Non Compos Mentis lie within this writ's historical considerations as well, although Non Compos Mentis is more often determined.\n\nClaims can be denied.  Burden of Proof implies burdens.  When one claims a right, one loses a freedom.  Free presence.  Check your moves, mate.  \n\nSide note:  Claiming the right to remain silent would break the freedom.  Simples.",
   "source": "",
   "type": "photo",
   "place": "None"
 }
