 {
   "id": "592613250774611",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_591936370842299",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "Besides THE BIG PICTURE here for me of WHY is it that Dean LIED, if we go to trivial-imaginary-world talk, Dean said many LIES.\n\nHe said you can use the name, and/or \"a trust that has already been set-up for us \".  That's is a LIE, and also FRAUD in the imaginary world of make believe, that has become REAL for many of us, who have helped maintain this shit. \n\nAt the same time he talks about the AUTHOR, having the authority. Of the creator, having control over it's creation. Those are some definitions, from some dictionary we did not created, yet if this is true, how can we have \"control\" over something WE did  NOT created, and have AUTHORITY over something  we did not AUTHORED?\n\nHe said that the \"judges\" where there just waiting for us to unchain the handcuffs from them. \n\n??? \n\nIf we knew the magic words, which meant \"to give our terms-and-conditions\" of something we did not created. \n\n??? \n\nSo, according to the same \"maxims of law\" Dean said exist, it would mean that those are Words THEY CREATED, and we EVIDENTLY have NO CONTROL over them.\n\nHe also said that no terms and conditions are attached to the use of legal tender.  \n\n???\n\nReally?  So you can now create your our terms and conditions, and attached it to something you did not create, therefore, do not control, therefore, is a fucking impossibility, given the \"maxims of chimps\".\n\nBeing nice, or having good intentions, is just part of the programming we have participated, and also been a victim of. But it is evident that in REALITY, that shit of nice and dandy  don't fly. \n\nIf there were to exist animals that were \"nice\", and had \"good intentions\", they would get EATEN by other animals with more KNOWLEDGE in NO TIME. That is a FACT! Oh, wait, there is an ANIMAL that \"believes\" in things like being \"nice\", and having \"good intentions... us chimps!\n\nDean (and many of us at some point) is both nice, and with good intentions. Because we have been programmed to think wrong, and to value the wrong things.\n\n\"Nice\" people, and/or with \"good intentions\", will not understand me.  \n\nAt the same time, I have not, nor do I encourage to wish harm upon Dean. I read some comments here that are just plain bullshit. That's the kind of shit people with knowledge, and mean us harm, use against us. We do it upon ourselves.\n\nI wish Dean well.",
   "created_time": "2013-11-26T15:37:05+0000"
 }
