 {
   "id": "589351881100748",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_589344404434829",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "And for the ones paying attention, here is a message from a very noble man:\n\n<<I have a much larger agenda. It involves making wealthy free people. This makes them happy and grateful...and very angry and violent when strangers try to take what they truly KNOW is theirs.\n\n...It's also quite handy when a lot of grateful people owe ME a real or perceived debt, and I happen to find myself in a position where I need to raise a task force to protect my interests.\n\nTHE TENDER FOR LAW project is just one of MANY that I have going right now. Everything you see is carefully planned. Even REICH-ROLLED will trigger a desired action in the right place.\n\n...but its only purpose is to keep to a private oath. I'm going to show you all how EVERYTHING works, and how to exploit it. You will get wealthy, if you learn everything, but you should give the surplus, to me. Interest free. I will return it whenever you wish. I just need it for a short time to build an illegal bank. Nothing too scary.>>\n\n<<Scott Duncan: I'm just warming up, Trent! \n\nIt's going to take a bit of social-engineering, and a LOT of teaching, but I am building something HUGE. \n\nWhen thetenderforlaw.com is up, then I will start showing you how to secure your freedom with technology. Not only that, I will show you all, step-by-step, how to do EXACTLY the same thing. All the government stooges can do is tremble in impotent fury, while we construct beyond their understanding.>>\n\n<<Scott Duncan I have been living on MY currency.\nWant to do business with ME? You pay me in MY currency, which I sell at a VERY reasonable rate.\n\nYour quandary isn't how to live without Fiat Currency. It's that you have no VALUE.>>\n\n <<Ok, let's put this in a context you have seen.\n\nCURRENCY EXCHANGES (That's all BANKS are)\n\nYou do not buy ANYTHING except CURRENCY with the Fiat Currency, (which is immediately sent to accounts:PAYABLE in Roguesupport Inc. to discharge external debts or to act as INVESTED CAPITOL). \n\nNow that you have BOUGHT the currency, you can pay me. \n\nI get paid up front.\n\nRoguesupport Inc. and Human Machines Inc. will gladly sell you some.\n\nYou do this everytime you go to a Fairground and buy tickets for the rides. You are doing EXACTLY the same thing.\n\nIt's ALL ACCOUNTING. NOTHING ELSE.>>\n\n<<Ok.. step by step:\n\n1: Kill your PERSON. Stop contributing VALUE to it. Do not permit the government to attach a name to a man/woman that is derived from a public document.\n\n2: Incorporate or use an existing corporation.\n\n3: Charter the corporation to provide private currency for shareholders.\n\n4: Sell the currency.\n\n5: Profit.>>\n\n<< I just showed you how to survive without Fiat currency. Create a person. That person acts as currency exchange.\n\nYOU only accept currency that is NOT fiat currency. If people want your servies/value, they have to BUY YOUR CURRENCY.\n\nThe reason YOU can't do that was mentioned earlier. YOU HAVE NO VALUE.\n\nInformation is NOT a commodity, it's a right. Selling information is fraud. Your \"time\" is NOT valuable in commerce. It just isn't, because you have nothing that anyone wants. That's why what I showed you went over your head.>>",
   "created_time": "2013-11-18T15:14:15+0000"
 }
