 {
   "id": "462493170453287_847065078662759",
   "created_time": "2015-06-26T19:57:51+0000",
   "updated_time": "2015-06-30T03:35:13+0000",
   "from_name": "David-Paul Sip",
   "from_id": "1.01520931535474E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "So I contacted Rogers Communications today to obtain a trancript of text messages that I lost when my Blackberry got nuked.\n\nChristine is typing...\n1:18 PM  Connecting...\n1:18 PM  Connected. One of our Rogers specialists will be with you shortly.\n\nNote: Any chat session initiated from a mobile device may be disconnected due to an incoming call, the activation of sleep mode or if a different Web page is accessed during the session.\n\nTo avoid accidental ending of your chat session, please do not refresh this browser window.\n\nPlease standby, you will receive an alert when we're available to help.\n1:18 PM  Support session established with Christine.\n1:18 PM  \n\nChristine: \nThank you for choosing Rogers live chat, the new home of hockey, you have reached Christine, how may I assist you?\n1:21 PM  \n \nMe: \nI was asked to contact online chat services to request text transcripts from a specific number\n1:21 PM  \n\nChristine: \nOK, I can assist you with that.\n1:21 PM  \n\nChristine: \nIn order to access your account, I will require some information from you. Please click on the following secure link to enter your personal information. You will notice I requested a four digit PIN. If you do not have one associated to your account, please leave this field blank.\n1:21 PM  \n \nChristine: \nhttps://safesend.rogers.com/?ut=76d6a59207fbbbac627d32181a4b7dadeb55a927dccbc7705359feda0395875b&vq=y&vq=y\n1:23 PM  \n \nChristine: \nUnfortunately, I apologize, but I am unable to assist with that. At Rogers, we are unable to provide transcripts of text messages.\n1:23 PM  \n \nChristine: \nIf this is an issue that should require police assistance, please contact your local department.\n1:24 PM  \n \nMe: \nReally...I had the understanding that Rogers is able to?\n1:24 PM  \n \nChristine: \nUnfortunately, no we cannot.\n1:25 PM  \n \nMe: \nWhy?\n1:25 PM  \n \nMe: \nThese are text message sent to my device\n1:26 PM  \n \nMe: \nIf the police or other governemt agency made the request Rogers has complied in the past. Why can't I as a paying customer obtained text messages that I have lost\n1:27 PM \n \nChristine: \nI apologize but unfortunately we do not have access to that information due to privacy laws mandated by the Federal Government. The only way to obtain this information is via the courts through a subpeona signed by a judge.\n1:27 PM  \n \nChristine: \nOnly the police and/or an officer of the court such as a lawyer or prosecutor can request this information. I apologize for this inconvenience.\n1:28 PM  \n \nMe: \nThis is my account and text message sent and received to my device. What does \"privacy\" have to do with my text conversations?\n1:29 PM  \n \nMe: \nReally? So my private text converstions can be requested by a third party that wasn't part of the conversation. How is that \"private\"?\n1:30 PM  \n \nChristine: \nThe law is mandated by the Federal Government to protect the privacy of our customers. Its not that we on live chat or agents via phone or managers at a store have access to this information and are not willing to provide it, its a circumstance that we honestly do not have access to this information. A speciality department only has this information and they cn only be contacted by the police or an officer of the court. Only they have their contact information. Its not a matter of \"can but won't\", it a matter of \"can't\".\n1:31 PM  \n \nChristine: \nAs per Federal Government policies. I apologize for this inconvenience.\n1:31 PM  \n \nChristine: \nIs there anything else I can try and assist you with today David?\n1:35 PM  \n \nMe: \n\"The law is mandated by the Federal Government to protect the privacy of our customers.\" You do know how ludicrous this sounds. Rogers will not provide information that belongs to a customer to that customer but will give it to a stranger that claims to be protecting the customers privacy. One would have to be crazy to accept that nonsense.\n1:35 PM  \n \nMe: \nWhat is the name of this specialty dept?\n\nChristine: \nI apologize, we do not have that information. Such as the name of that department, or any contact information to use to contact that department, whether it be internal or external. I understand your frustration, but it is impossible to attempt to obtain this information through agents. I apologize for this inconvenience. Please contact the CRTC if you wish to attempt to escalate this inquiry. I again apologize for any inconvenience the Federal Government's ruling on this matter may have caused.\n\nMe: \nHow can I contact them?\n1:40 PM  \n \nChristine: \nOne moment and I will find that information for you.\n1:41 PM  \n \nChristine: \nyou may visit its website at www.ccts-cprst.ca or call toll-free at 1-888-221-1687\n1:42 PM  \n \nChristine: \nIs there anything else I can assist you with today David?\n1:43 PM  \n \nMe: \nIt is very disturbing to know that private conversations belong to the state and that only a stranger can access a conversation that they were not a party to. Thank You\n\nChristine: \nI do apologize for the inconvenience this has caused for you.Thank you for your loyalty, your business is appreciated. Take care and I hope you have a great day.",
   "link": "https://safesend.rogers.com/?ut=76d6a59207fbbbac627d32181a4b7dadeb55a927dccbc7705359feda0395875b&vq=y",
   "name": "safesend.rogers.com",
   "caption": "safesend.rogers.com",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "link",
   "place": "None"
 }
