 {
   "id": "618963651472904",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_618192328216703",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Oh look! An asinine Derek Moran post I missed. I need to respond, even though he will never read it, just in case anyone ELSE here thinks in this idiotic way;\n\n\"But a year ago i joined a group called The Tender For Law\" - that is the only part that is true.\n\nTHE TENDER FOR LAW is what THIS NOTE IS LEGAL TENDER means.\n\nThis group was never about LAW, it's about MONEY. The LAW part is a BYPRODUCT and it's broken, so I gotta buy me a WAR to kill off the incumbents.\n\nI've made no secret of this.\n\nDerek is too busy circle-jerking to see that.\n\nHe was also \"remaining neutral\" while the Cop/Agent Cory \"Pants-on-Fire\" Black, was blatantly LYING and luring people into JOINDER, and the promise of \"magic legal spells\".\n\nWhen someone means you harm, you don't GET to choose \"neutral\".\n\nThe lies were BLATANT but he wanted to see about \"SupEr SeKret LEgUl POweRz\" so he wanted to \"remain neutral\".\n\nPerhaps he \"wasn't SURE\" who's right? That would mean he missed the point of the group and EVERYTHING I've said. It's a YEAR... if you've been here for a YEAR and are STILL circle-jerking to clubhouse rules, you belong ELSEWHERE; AWAY FROM ME.\n\nNeutrality is evil. It enables oppressors and corruption. People who KNOW liars are lying and cop out with the \"I'm staying out of this\", are a more powerful enemy force than the enemy itself. They \"pose\" as \"innocent\" in any conflict and allow the enemy to proceed unimpeded. This is what cops do. They KNOW what they are doing is wrong, and would kill people without hesitation, if anybody did what cops do daily, to THEM. The double-standard is there, even with the ones people say are \"good\" cops. They \"remain neutral\" and look the other way.\n\nALL cops are just commercial thugs. ALL of them. Especially the enablers.\n\nWhen you declare \"neutrality\" when people seek to harm through fraud, theft or violence, you are on THEIR side.\n\nDerek now has the same status as Agent here. He wants to ENABLE the sacks of shit? HE CAN JOIN THEM.",
   "created_time": "2014-01-31T11:30:02+0000"
 }
