 {
   "id": "867631059939494",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_867559196613347",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "I really hate what Dean is doing. First of all, this is a SALES and MARKETING VIDEO! That's exactly what it is. Dean is SELLING a product called ESC with this video. Check it out from the description section of the video: \"No Court Order, no anything other than Tony doing things properly, and it took under 10 minutes INCLUDING them bringing his property out of the warehouse out the big overhead doors. What did he do, well....people can join the ESC to learn...\" \n\nNow let's do something for fun, to drive my point further, just read this again, like if you where reading an infomercial from the old TV. \"No Court Order, no anything other than Tony doing things properly, and it took under 10 minutes INCLUDING them bringing his property out of the warehouse out the big overhead doors. What did he do, well....people can join the ESC to learn...\" He is always missing the \"Or your money back!\" part.\n\nNot only that, but he spreads a dangerous message for the gullible, full of contradictions. \n\nListen to this: \"Contrary to the belief of a few morons, the law works quite well and the Courts and Lawyers will try ANYTHING to prevent actual law from coming into contact with the people or their private tribunals.\"\n\nReally, Dean Clifford? Who is the one that carries the BELIEF? \n\nNow for another sales pitch, with a courtesy contradiction from one of his comments: \"Yeah, ESC, the website is up soon, we are working on it, and I will have a video about it soon to release the site or people can find us on CIABook (facebook) in the meantime.  :)   I'm not trying to fix the Titanic anymore, we're simply creating our own new society in real life.\" \n\nNot fixing the Titanic anymore and creating a new society by using their system, and asking you to \"join\" ESC ($$$) to learn how to claim in their system? Ooook...\n\nIn the meantime, all the District Attorney's Offices are just waiting for these oblivious idiots to start rolling up the courts not only to create a new a stream of Revenue and money of account, but on the best of scenarios these men will loose their \"freedom,\" their properties, and possibly their families, all just for BELIEVING. No need to round-up people, or spy on them, these morons are walking right into court by themselves.\n\nLook how other \"freedom\" movements around the world have embraced Bitcoin and Blockchain based applications. Why hasn't Mernard, or Clifford embraced cryptos as well? Look at all the new decentralized platforms, protocols, applications that use the Blockchain technology to move away from government services, or traditional banking institutions, and these two idiots have being silent all along.\n\nI know why. And I HATE them for it.",
   "created_time": "2015-08-15T11:25:08+0000"
 }
