 {
   "id": "533930439976226",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_533890363313567",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "I'm closing up the group. Here's why.\n\nAs I have said, I am keeping a promise by running this group. I also have a much larger agenda. You all serve that by UNDERSTANDING the value of my keeping that promise.\n\nAs I plan these things with machines, I need certain events to come to pass, before I execute the next steps in my larger plan.\n\nAs I said. I mean to do some damage. Derek Hill is the first to demonstrate TRUE UNDERSTANDING of what I say. \n\nThis means approximately 10% (+ or - 3%) of readers TRULY understand NOTICE OF MISTAKE. Now I close the group.\n\nThe rest of you have to catch up to Derek (I STILL can't believe I am saying that, and telling the truth) in your UNDERSTANDING in what I say. As you do this, I will be teaching you more about MONEY. This will be essential, later.\n\nTHE PLAN:\n\nOnly members can see posts now. Because it's a LARGE group, this is a ONE-WAY TRIP.\n\nThen I shall go on a \"cleaning spree\".\n\nI will hunt down, and weed out the Theists.\nI will hunt down, and weed out the AGENTS\n\nAll the while waiting for the next one of you to trigger the next step.\n\nAnd because it's me...\n\nSPOILER ALERT: ALL of you have my attention now. I hope I have yours, because if I am successful in my plan, I will enslave every person here. Every person here will serve me, and they will do so of their own free will. I will take all of your value, and return it tenfold. You see, to serve me, is to follow your slave mandate. Learn how to be FREE.\n\nI'm better than God. I really am, because I can't stand the sight of all of you on your knees. I sickens me that you are robbed of your labour, and skill, and time, and CHILDREN. If you MUST be a slave, labour to be MY slave.\n\nI need to build a fleet.\n\nI need to crew my vessels.\n\nI need people on land who can do stuff for us. Build stuff for us. SELL stuff for us.\n\nI will train my slaves for occupations that don't even exist yet, and deploy them to serve US. They will have to suffer getting wealthy in the process, or having a larger purpose. Above all, my slaves won't think wrong. They will NOT value the wrong things.\n\n...and they will truly know what they want out of this one live that's being stolen from them. \n\nALL of you have skills. I require them, and I intend to use them for personal gain. Fortunately that involves all of you prospering.\n\nYou won't follow my orders because you have \"faith\" in me.\n \nYou won't follow my orders because you \"believe\" in me...or even TRUST me.\n\nYou won't follow my orders because I have \"Rank\", or \"Title\" or even \"Authority\".\n\nYou will follow my orders because you will instantly know why I gave them, and how fucking awesomely clever I am.\n\nBut that's just for those who make it.\n\nPeople can leave if the \"creepy Nobility Admiral guy\" who appears to be rounding up slaves, is ringing your \"this guy's nuts\" radar... Go. Thanks for your time. Better people than you have suggested some sort of mental frailty, yet I appear to be ALWAYS RIGHT. Make of that what you will. Enslaving people is in my blood, but I can't own slaves and look at the guy in the mirror... and I really like that guy. He does some awesome shit.\n\nPeople can still ask to join, and members can even invite... but I need to become what is in my nature to be. A Judge. Andrew Langevin might be good enough to impart on you, just how scary that is.\n\nImagine a navy FILLED with \"Judges\" :D We will build SAFE HARBOUR for those seeking sanctuary. We will train up EVERYONE so they are at my diversity of skills,  because I will KNOW what to do with yours. When you learn HOW I do it, you will be free. You will round up your OWN slaves. I will turn all of you loose on a population who does not grasp the exponential function.\n\nWhen the government actually grasps what's happening, it will be far too late. They will send their slaves after you. You will have the means to repel them. Their Debt money is NO MATCH for AQUILAE CREDIT. You will show them that fact, the hard way. ;)\n\nThe government wants your value? THEY HAVE TO PAY ME FIRST... except as Admiral, I can't keep it. I have a debt to pay... to Roguesupport Inc.\n\nBut Roguesupport Inc. may only hold trusts, and acts in commerce in name only, to maintain operations and the trust. So the money I get paid, goes into YOUR TRUST. A big-ass crypto-trust where every last fucking cent is accounted for, 24/7. Every second, of every day. Only the beneficiaries of the trust can attach and see it. To everyone else, it's just a UUID public key. NO NAME. I mean, do you REALLY care if you buy a TV with a crypto-currency?\n\nI have a larger plan. This post should scare a few off. :D\n\nI'll do some \"lessons\" and wait for evens to play out. \n\nI hope I have answered your questions, and I also claim 100% credit for Derek Hill's Victory.\n\n...just saying.\n\nIn the meantime... The Narc hunt begins! ;)",
   "created_time": "2013-07-07T12:05:32+0000"
 }
