 {
   "id": "650111028358166",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_648939251808677",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "Here is what it's on my mind. To properly administrate, I need in GOOD FAITH to let \"them\" know the TRUTH about the whole \"I know what's going on with the administration of the person\", with PROOF. So, if this is COMMERCE , and an unrebutted affidavit stands as truth in commerce\", that is the way to I want to lay down the TRUTH. Secondly, notices will do the rest of the communications.\n\nSo, here is an idea I have for an affidavit. a DRAFT, it's not final. Admiral Scott, if there is a fatal error, and/or shit stain, and/or you know this is not a good idea, please point it out. \n\n<<Comes now, I and/or ME and/or MYSELF, to tell the truth to the facts related herein states that I have firsthand knowledge of the facts stated herein and believes these facts to be true to the best of my knowledge: \n\n1. I am ME.\n2. I am not YOU.\n3. My name is not of anyone's business.\n4. I am not a LEGAL NAME.\n5. I am NOT a NATURAL PERSON, and/or a PERSON of any kind.\n7. I waive the right to be recognized as a PERSON, and/or a LEGAL PERSON, and/or a NATUTAL PERSON, under the law.\n6. I DO NOT OWN  any PERSON/S.\n8. I am the SOLE AUTHORIZED ADMINISTRATOR for  xxxxxxxxxxxx, BIRTH CERTIFICATE and/or SURETY BOND/PUBLIC RECORD # 152.-1975-01929-000000-001551-xxxxxxxx, with REGISTRATION DATE of 21 APRIL 1975.\n9. I am NOT  xxxxxxxxxxxx.  \n10. I am NOT SURETY for  xxxxxxxxxxxx.\n11. PROOF of who is SURETY for  xxxxxxxxxxxx, surety being the GOBIERNO DE PUERTO RICO/GOVERNMENT OF PUERTO RICO, is provided in exhibit A, a BIRTH CERTIFICATE and/or SURETY BOND/PUBLIC RECORD # 152.-1975-01929-000000-001551-xxxxxxxx, with REGISTRATION DATE of 21 APRIL 1975.\n12. I, as a MAN, am not lawfully entitled to the BENEFITS of a BIRTH CERTIFICATE.\n13. I am not an OFFICER, and/or a government AGENT, and/or a TRUSTEE, and/or a Government EMPLOYEE of the CROWN and/or THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA and/or ESTADO LIBRE ASOCIADO DE PUERTO RICO and/or GOBIERNO D E PUERTO RICO .\n14. I am NOT a SLAVE to ANYONE.\n15. I DO NOT CONSENT to either slavery, and/or involuntary servitude.\n16. All the administration done for the legal name  xxxxxxxxxxxx is subject to a FEE SHCEDULE. See Exhibit B, NOTICE OF FEE SCHEDULE.\n17. I do not consent to be governed, other than by ME, AND/OR MY own free will.\n16. I do not recognize and/or authorize ANY authority outside of ME.\n18. There is no authority to attach any LEGAL NAME, and/or ANY information, derived from a public document to ME.\n19. As the SOLE AUTHORIZED ADMINISTRATOR, I will NOT buy back any public debt that comes under the legal name  xxxxxxxxxxxx.\n20. As the SOLE AUTHORIZED ADMINISTRATOR for  xxxxxxxxxxxx, I will only ADMINISTRATE these public debts, and send them back to its beneficiary, so they can be presented to THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK and/or to which ever pertinent party, for complete discharge.>>",
   "created_time": "2014-04-08T01:30:10+0000"
 }
