 {
   "id": "525452614157342",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_492149117487692",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "message": "Stuart Stone: Are you speaking purely physically, or jurisdictionally here Scott? The reason I ask is because I'm at the stage where the theory/principles are starting to gel & I'm trying to get my head around the practicalities of what is required:\n\nAs I understand it so far...\n\n1. I am a soul, I have a vessel\n\n2. Another entity has named my vessel and passed me a bill of lading to transport\n\n3. I haven't yet claimed/liened that cargo, taking it out of commerce & claiming it as my own private property...but I need to.\n\n3a. I am then no longer a junior seaman but am now the Captain of that/my vessel & have authority over that vessel (it is my understanding that, as I don't have a fleet of vessels, I cannot claim the rank of Admiral).\n\n4. I then place this cargo/vessel in trust, of which I am beneficiary and place the trust inside a corporate shell, a corporation that I'm the sole shareholder & Director of...through which I can add value to the trust?!?\n\n5. To be able to avoid the tender for law that using any currency directly/indirectly linked to the USD involves under the jurisdiction of the UCC, I need to become a currency exchange & I think you alluded that bitcoin qualifies as a currency that can be used as a sovereign's national currency, through which I need to add my own value.\n\n6. In any dealings with courts, I need to be able to establish my sovereign status & my role as captain of my vessel, by making requests (nobility), asking questions & rejecting any and all subordinate titles such as 'Mr', appoint the justice as Administrator, make it absolutely clear that I am not surety & be recognised as belligerent/sovereign.\n\nThere are probably a number of elements that I'm missing, but my understanding that my trust is in/on a land based jurisdiction, while my vessel remains free to trade on the seas of commerce, a sea based/Admiralty jurisdiction?!?\n\nWhen you talk about liquidating the assets of the trust (which I understand then dissolves the trust), are you then moving out of a land based jurisdiction, wholly & solely into an Admiralty based jurisdiction, which then grants you rights as a pirate salvage expert?\n\nFeel free to like/critique/shove errant logic back in my ass, or provide whatever feedback you deem appropriate",
   "created_time": "2013-06-15T18:49:29+0000"
 }
