 {
   "id": "462493170453287_551657128203557",
   "created_time": "2013-08-22T16:26:33+0000",
   "updated_time": "2013-10-16T14:22:54+0000",
   "from_name": "David Vilaca",
   "from_id": "431342553693049",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "A week ago Friday I was assaulted by two Clown, erm Crown Corporate entities in uniform. \nMy love and I were out posturing for a yard sale. We left the house on her e bike, she had a helmet on I did not. We came to our first intersection to poster and I noticed the pigs in the turn lane, as we crossed the street the Clown entities pulled to the curb lane and the female entity informed me that I was breaking the law by not wearing a helmet, I laughed and stated that I am an adult and quite capable of making my own decisions. I then asked if I was free to go. \n\nThe sow answered no and asked if she could see my ID to which I stated, for what purpose? Do you intend on causing me harm. At this point the rather large cannibal in uniform ( I could smell bacon on his breath) and the sow exited the cruiser with obvious intent to extort a name via threat, coercion or intimidation. He claimed to have witnessed me cross the walk with pedestrians riding the e bike and me not wearing a helmet is a violation of the hwy trafficking act and that I had to produce identification. \n\nI asked the clown entity what law states I had to produce government issued id as I was not carrying any and that I had no problem giving them my name. The sow then asked for my name to which I stated David. She then asked for a surname to which I stated I could not give that which did not belong to me, I could give the given but not that which belongs to my family. The sow stated that she needed my name and that I would be placed under arrest and so I orated the family name. She then asked my dob and i asked by who's authority do you ask for private information. \n\nThe cannibal, standing in silent rage instantly lost his contenace and shit on me and my rights with his violent nature and ego, he grabed me with force, twisted my arms around back and placed me in bondage telling me I was under arrest and that I was going to the station for finger printing. He was very hostile and bound my left wrist so tightly that I felt a nerve being pinched. I knew this was to throw me off my standing and place in mental duress but I remembered to state I do not consent to any searches before ordering him to loosen the left cuff. \n\nAs a matter course he squeezed the cuff tighter and stated that I had no choice I was under arrest. His cloven hand dived right into my pockets. I stated loud and clear that I did not consent to any violation of my rights that he was causing me harm and was to loosen the left cuff. \n\nThe sow stated they needed to identify me while bacon breath worked me into a frenzy of pain by twisting the binding while lifting me into the air , at this point I began shouting that they were peace officers and that they were causing me harm. \n\nAt this point I began making more mistakes by shouting at them and not retaining my calm, I was in pain and my first concern was the damage being caused. I lost focus and started calling them little more than animals, brutish criminals enacting violence for consent.\n\nI told the cannibal I was no longer corresponding till the binding was loosened. The piece of stinking shit pretended to loosen the binding while causing me to shout out in pain. He claimed I was resisting. He then opened the cruiser door, pushed a button on the side of the cage, informed me I was being recorded and placed me inside.\n\nThey turned to speak to my partner but she's super smart, she left the keys to her e bike and helmet and stood in the shadows across the street.\n\nThe pigs looked confused, they knew they lost track of more information.\nWhen they oinked their way into the bacon mobile the first question was where did my friend go. I replied that I will choose what questions I answer.\n\nNext question was do I have a drivers licence? Same reply\n\nI'm a little fuzzy on what the exact order of questioning was. I will get the video and post it here.\n\nI think I asked wether they were peace officers and if their intention was to collect a tribute for HER MAJESTY. The sow replied with. \" have you ever had mental health issues. Standard answers was I will choose what questions I will answer.\n\nAt this point the cannibal drew her attention to the computer and she asked if my address was bla bla bla. Standard answer. Again they looked perplexed. My license came up with no picture and no criminal history of which there is plenty (many years ago). They talked about how little info was in there system and then the sow asked if I had a criminal history. I replied with a firm yes. Seemed to me the dipshit swine were even more perplexed. \n\nThe claim now was they would release me with a fine if I provided them with an address they could confirm. The address on the licence is a private sanctuary so just to fuck with them I gave them my P.O box so they could not correspond the two together.\n\nKnowing the camera was on I ranted for a little while about peace officers playing policy enforcer, how peace officers have a duty to not cause harm in the community and how shooter Forcillo was enacting the policy of shoot center mass when his duty was to section 7 and 10(c) of the charter. \n\nThe dipshit swine then began to have second thoughts when I asked for a business card and the information of the their underwriter and bond holder. Both claimed not to be carrying business card and played clueless to public hazard bonding. I asked if they thought they could operate with impunity, if they actually believed they held no liability in the community. \n\nDead silent.\n\nThe sow asked me for my angels #, she claimed that if I could get her to come back to identify my name they would release me. I noticed 2 bicycle cops showed up and I thought to negotiate by telling the sow the bike cop could call her and give her the options. To my surprise they agreed on camera that the bike cop would phone and tell her she was in no trouble and that the purpose was only to identify the name. I gave the sow her digits and she gave the deets to the bike cop to call. He did and my angel agreed to return on condition. \n\nWhen she arrived, the cannibal exited the bacon mobile and asked her what my name is. Her first statement was that she is not involved in their or my affairs. The cannibal stated that they just need to confirm my name and address. My angel stated she did not understand the question and she did not want to be involved. The pig said he just wanted to corroborate my name and asked if I was David. She said yes I was david he then asked my last name and she said she was not involved. He asked if my surname started with a V. She said yes, he then asked if my last name was Vbla bla. And she stated yes.\n\nThe cannibal informed the sow that my angel corroborated my name and that I could be released from my bondage with a ticket. The dipshit pigs released me from the bacon mobile and offered me the ticket, I took the ticket and told the sow I was going to correct the controversy by seeking her public information being the bond, business card and underwriter information. \n\nI will be going to 55 division today to demand from the desk Sargent the information I need to correct the controversy.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
