 {
   "id": "919548818081051",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_919131794789420",
   "from_name": "Tara Duncan",
   "message": "To your points, Kent and Chris, I would like you to know I have had somewhat conflicting emotions over the last several days.  Despite what people might assume, it is fundamentally against my nature to intentionally decimate someone's character in a public forum.  I will do this, however, if the character of anyone important to me is called into question.  That includes many of you if that is of interest. One other important point is that I don't play to lose, so any allegation I might make would be easily substantiated.\n\nI don't think this needs to be said, but Scott doesn't lie. If you rely on truth and facts there is really no reason to do so.  He's one of that rare breed of Renaissance men who tells you what he knows and what he actually thinks.  No one is ever confused about his facts, opinions, or assessment of them. He can't be embarrassed or blackmailed by anything he has done.  If he has done something/anything he'll admit it to you, your mother, the freaking universe.  This is called taking responsibility for your actions.  You may not like such people, but you sure as hell should respect them.\n\nScott has gone to exemplary lengths over the years to keep his oaths and promises.  I recall one year when he took the 15-20 mile trip to work in the middle of one of the worst snow storms in history.  He had promised to have a network demonstration for clients the next day, and wanted to make sure it was perfect.  Even though I assured him it was dangerous and that no one would be willing or able to attend he went anyway - because he had given his word.  As a matter of interest, he ended up stranded when all the roads were eventually closed, and spent a miserable night on a crappy couch with no food.  He was, as agreed, present and ready when no one showed up the next day.  Being an honorable man is a lifestyle choice for Scott, and not the bullshit lip service you get from people when or while they want something from you.\n\nWhile I don't celebrate Christmas, I still have some vestigial urges to be kinder to friends and strangers during this season.  I'll ponder what action to take at greater length in the next several days.",
   "created_time": "2015-12-25T00:58:44+0000"
 }
