 {
   "id": "500012366701367",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_462528253783112",
   "from_name": "Sino General",
   "message": "Well, i dont know how many of you have done this, but i contract my way into agreements by the retention of whatever i am sending for payment. Money is only a medium of exchange, does it really matter what it is we exchange ? Cash or legal tender notes are nothing more than paper with ink on it and now plastic with ink somehow integrated into the plastic. So, if we take their remittance vouchers and just accept the top portion and fill out the voucher in such a way that it has a signature on it with numbers printed on it and along with the account number. I go ahead and tender this to the CFO or dept that accepts remittance vouchers and send along a notice document that contracts the settlement of the account with stipulations that, retention of the fully endorsed voucher will be observed as acceptance by their conduct. So, in fact they benefited a service and their in-action, which is an action in fact held onto the tender. OR i could and have, sent in a chq in the amounts of 20 dollars and wrote in the memo: payment in full for settlement and closure on acc #12343 and by cashing that chq they are in full agreement that 20dollars settles the 15,000.00. I have done this and thus far no one has ever sent back the voucher. contractually they all agreed. who knows i may be wrong...so far i cleared my credit and debts this way..https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10152693156665024&set=a.10151982027160024.874658.510870023&type=1&theater",
   "created_time": "2013-04-05T20:49:48+0000"
 }
