 {
   "id": "537237659645504",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_537171129652157",
   "from_name": "Kevin Flanagan",
   "message": "yep. I even asked those over on the 'Demand Licensing Authority Page' to clarify a few things, simple things, logical, rational things - I was met with astounding silence. I say this because one should really consider the 'claim' being made here - it's fkn huge yeh? A lot could turn on it 'if' it was right - so we should, in theory, check it out, right?\n\nWhat's scary is the one reply i did get was from another follower of that page saying she had the same concerns and had actually been relying on that information in some form of a mortgage challenge?!? \n\nThis is damaging for a few reasons. \n1. Mostly people are so desperate for an alternative they're at a point where they'll 'accept' anything, this makes them vulnerable \n2. Mostly people are too lazy to 'test' the claims by validating them with good research, this makes them fully responsible for the actions produced as a result of this ignorance,\n3. there's a group of people out there telling people this is 'fact' when it clearly is not and other people are actually 'trying it out'?! that's very dangerous and I wonder if any of those propagating this nonsense have relied on the information themselves?\n\nAnother worrying observation was that one guy 'Terrence' actually raised the valid criticisms and was attacked, not just by the OP but also others following the post. They accused him of being a banker, a shill of sorts, and interrogated him on his qualifications?! But, eh, not questioning whether the OP was qualified (not that qualifications relate to intelligence but that's what happened) - like actually rushing in to defend the ignorance? Attacking the one voice speaking a bit of sense to them. They might as well of said \"get the fuck out of our bubble terry! you'll pop it\" - Honestly, someone actually said Terry was 'in the wrong place'.\n\nIs this simply a case of the blind leading the blind, or is the one-eyed man/men playing king?",
   "created_time": "2013-07-15T18:37:15+0000"
 }
