 {
   "id": "517020921667178",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_514467128589224",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "If your sister is being paid by the government, that money was TAKEN from someone the world actually VALUES. So claiming your sister \"proves me wrong\" is simple bullshit. Anyone who thinks \"working\" (It's not actual work) for the Government is OK, is not CAPABLE of any more rational thought than is required to convince themselves they aren't doing anything wrong by claiming \"Authority\" over strangers.\n\nYou are leaving out information; I will generalize even further, by saying she got the job, because she meets a quota. She's not male (quota of females still not met), so that helps. Is she a \"visible minority\", because they have quotas for that too!\n\nCan you feel my respect dropping? You need to provide a bit more than \"My sister met a quota, so you're wrong\"... followed by \"I know a guy who knows a guy...no names\".\n\nThese quotas for women and \"visible minorities\" are there to leave this \"repressed demograph\" in charge when the world reserve currency crumbles. The \"visible minorities\" will be blamed, and after much bloodshed, everything is reset. \n\nA quick reminder of who I am: I AM PROROGUED NOBILITY. I AM DESCENDED FROM THE PEOPLE WHO BUILT ALL OF THIS. What you are discovering, I ALWAYS knew.\n\nYou are simply not qualified to even CLAIM that I'm wrong. Not about anything.",
   "created_time": "2013-05-26T01:43:20+0000"
 }
