 {
   "id": "646559375379998",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_646212942081308",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "AND it looks like we have our first \"client\" for your consideration. Today we will discuss OBJECT LESSONS!\n\nMore to the point, one should think VERY carefully before hitting that \"send\" button. You are SURETY when you do that, and I ALWAYS collect my debts! ;)\n\nOnce in a while, when I'm feeling depressed, I'll snap myself out of it, by flaunting my moral, ethical, and practical superiority, with someone in the dreaded \"other\" directory in the \"message\" menu. There's ALWAYS one, and TODAY IS NO EXCEPTION! \n\n[Commentary in square brackets]\n\n*************** BEGIN \"OTHER\" MESSAGE***********************\n\nDavid-Paul Sip\nHi Scott, I was reading some of your recent posts [Not enough of them, it seems] and recognize when someone has a deeper level of understanding than I do. I also noticed some of the mutial [MUTUAL] friends we have in common and suspect you are selective in who you include in your circle. I would like to include you in my circle and be a part of yours. Please send me a friend request or let me know if I may send you one.\nDavid-Paul Sip\n\n*************** BEGIN MY RESPONSE***********************\n\n...says the guy SELLING INFORMATION about how to PROFIT from LEGAL TENDER. MISTER Sip, do you have any idea how offensive that is to me?\n\nWe also have no \"mutual friends\". \n\nAnyone FEMALE in my \"Friends\" list, is either someone I am having sex with; someone I''ve HAD sex with, or someone I intend to have sex with.\n\nAnyone MALE in my \"Friends\" list, is serving MY AGENDA. They accept their fate. \n\nIf you were their \"friends\", you'd already know that.\n\nSo I ask you, MISTER Sip, in regards to your ironic/vile/offensive \"proposal\"; HOW DO I BENEFIT? You have NOTHING to offer me.\n\nIn fact you can answer to the group.\n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/groups/tenderforlaw/",
   "created_time": "2014-03-30T10:19:23+0000"
 }
