 {
   "id": "518611468174790",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_518605431508727",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Dude. :( I'm sorry you stuck your dick in crazy. I've seen it so many times. :(\n\nI protect myself from those. I'm always suspicious of the fish that leaps into the boat, without me having to snag it, and reel it in.\n\nIf a hot chick \"leaps on board\" I toss her back and give her NOTICE of the conditions. Those conditions, being:\n\nYou enter my life based on what you look like. While that's nice, your appearance is not something you had ANY hand in. It's also a decaying asset, that will depreciate over the years. This being true, you will let me use your body, for my sexual gratification, and/or stimulation, and/or entertainment, until the novelty wears off. You will inform ALL friends, family, and associates that you willingly consented to these terms and conditions, because you wish to prove your feelings are true!\n\nYou will only speak when spoken to, during these \"probationary\" times. You may speak the following phrases at any time you wish:\n\n1: That hurts, Daddy!\n2: Do it harder\n3: I've been a bad girl\n\nAll encounters will be recorded and may be used against you at a later date.\n\nThese terms tend to weed out the industrial-strength cunts and/or crazies. Those who are sincere, will be really happy we made porn together when we were young...as we'd CLEARLY grow old together. :D\n\n...still, this is a tragic tale. :(\n\nSorry you stuck your dick in crazy, dude :(",
   "created_time": "2013-05-29T20:31:54+0000"
 }
