 {
   "id": "760926287276639",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_760393217329946",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "You posted these in your wall, did you not, Chris Thornton? \n\n***Print this out and post it on your fridge... read it everyday!!!  you will need is someday..\n 1. A workman is worthy of his hire\n  (Exodus 20:15; Lev. 19:13; Matt. 10:10; Luke 10:7; II Tim. 2:6. Legal \nmaxim: \"It is against equity for freemen not to have the free disposal \nof their own property\").\n 2. All are equal under the Law\n\n(God's Law--Ethical and Natural Law). (Exodus 21:23-25; Lev. 24:17-21; \nDeut. 1:17, 19:21; Matt., 22:36-40; Luke 10:17; Col. 3:25. Legal maxims:\n \"No one is above the law.\", \"Commerce, by the law of nations, ought to \nbe common, and not to be converted into a monopoly and the private gain \nof a few.\").\n 3. In Commerce truth is sovereign\n (Exodus 20:16; Ps. 117:2; Matt. 6:33, John 8:32; II Cor. 13:8. Legal maxim: \"To lie is to go against the mind.\"\n 4. Truth is expressed by means of an affidavit\n (Lev. 5:4-5; Lev. 6:3-5; Lev 19:11-13; Num. 30:2; Matt. 5:33; James 5:12).\n 418\n 5. An unrebutted affidavit stands as the truth in Commerce\n (1 Pet. 1:25; Heb. 6:13-15. Legal maxim: \"He who does not deny, admits.\").\n\n 6. An unrebutted affidavit becomes the judgment in Commerce (Heb. \n6:16-17. Any proceeding in a court, tribunal, or arbitration forum \nconsists of a contest, or \"duel,\" of commercial affidavits wherein the \npoints remaining unrebutted in the end stand as the truth and the \nmatters to which the judgment of the law is applied.).\n 7. A matter must be expressed to be resolved\n (Heb. 4:16; Phil. 4:6; Eph. 6:19-21. Legal maxim: \"He who fails to assert his rights has none.\").\n 8. He who leaves the field of battle first loses by default\n (Book of Job; Matt. 10:22. Legal maxim: \"He who does not repel a wrong when he can, occasions it.\").\n 9. Sacrifice is the measure of credibility\n\n (One who is not damaged, put at risk, or willing to swear an oath that \nhe consents to claim against his commercial liability in the event that \nany of his statements or actions is groundless or unlawful, has no basis\n to assert claims or charges and forfeits all credibility and right to \nclaim authority.)\n (Acts 7, life/death of Stephen, maxim: \"He who bears the burden ought also to derive the benefit.\").\n\n 10. A lien or claim can be satisfied only through rebuttal by \nCounter-affidavit point-for-point, resolution by jury, or payment (Gen. \n2-3; Matt. 4; Revelation. Legal maxim: \"If the plaintiff does not prove \nhis case, the defendant is absolved.\").\n All law in Canada and United States can be reduced to the above ten listed maxims.>>\n\n<<... As it turns out the person is the legal mechanism by which we have all  been taken into involuntary servitude, robbing us of our freedom and our birthright and our natural wealth, over which we are given dominion or supreme authority by our CREATOR...>>\n\n<<... Obama is the puppet and because you all act like PERSONS you have NO god given rights!!!...>>",
   "created_time": "2014-12-16T16:02:48+0000"
 }
