 {
   "id": "761588133877121",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_760393217329946",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "Kory posted this in his wall 4 hours ago. \"My belief is my conviction\" comes to mind. Anyways, I will just quote a noble prophet that said: \"Brave and stupid are often companions.\n\n<<Your Honor I am a Living Being. The Flesh lives and the blood flows.\n I ask humbly for Remedy.\n Judge Leaves because he does not want to give remedy, but stay in honor.\n  Judge comes back establishes the court again and goes on like nothing \nhas happened. The court transforms in to a maritime court, a higher \ncourt of jurisdiction. You must re-establish your standing once again:\n Your honor I am a living being. The flesh lives and the blood flows. Your honor I humbly ask for cure and maintenance.\n Because you are in an Admiralty Maritime Jurisdiction court now you ask for cure and maintenance.\n\n The Judge may be totally freaked out at this point and leave again if \nyou are in a Federal Court. If comes back again, he comes back as a \npriest, so you are in a Temple now. When the judge comes back on the \nthird time he is a priest under Cannon Law. Thus you say the following:\n\n Your honor I wish to establish that I am a living being. The Flesh \nlives and the blood flows and we are sovereign and nothing stands \nbetween myself and the divine.\n If you do not do this then you have \nno standing in court and are treated as cargo going to a warehouse, thus\n Chattel Property with no rights.>>\n\nNotice no credit to the author is given.",
   "created_time": "2014-12-17T18:29:32+0000"
 }
