 {
   "id": "704850889550846",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_704263429609592",
   "from_name": "Damien Duffy",
   "message": "Gerry: You are correct about many things. Unregistered vehicle, not acting under authority of license, free man on a common road, where there are no common law constables, only corporate police, who MAY, after being informed of whatever, STILL decide to act outside of law and have your car crushed. Why? Because they believe themselves to be immune from any action by YOU. How to change their belief? Well, certain MARTYRS must decide to act in a free but responsible manner, until such time as they are HARMED or INJURED (= car crushed) by agents, then to privately prosecute those who acted as such agents. Without this taking place, the history will always show the agents to be immune from doing such wrong. I think that if they fail to get joinder after 36 hours then they must release you and your property, and you can go ahead with private prosecutions: False arrest, false imprisonment, assault, enticement to slavery etc. The \"fee schedule\" is something that you can show in advance, so that later on when you make claim you can say that the amounts for compensation were agreed on by all. Don't accept payment in fiat. I believe that a specified number of gold sovereigns is a good way to put it. PS if they DO get joinder from you in any case then you have no chance. I have not tried yet, but I feel confident giving an officer my license and pointing out that I am not acting under it and that the name on it is a state-owned title, which is a separate entity from myself, who does not have any surname. I am lucky in that the entry for me in the register does not give a surname, so I am \"son of ....\".",
   "created_time": "2014-08-09T22:23:15+0000"
 }
