 {
   "id": "595680453801224",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_595531713816098",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "Pete, and Blake, are sure right on point on this. Just like the Admiral ALWAYS said: \"It's all about surety, and accounting.\"\n\nDo not let them proceed, if the questions before the court are not answered. Fuck them!\n\nThey have ALL kinds of magic tricks to try to make US VOLUNTARILY accept their bullshit FRAUD. Nobody puts a gun to our heads (yet) and force us to say/do anything. It's us, via intimidation, about bullshit that only exists in our heads and not in REALITY, part of the program, \"guilt\", \"fear\" (man made shit that is not REAL)... BULLSHIT! \n\nWe know we have the PROOF about who the surety is, and how/what settles the accounting! And that's ALL we have to be concerned about.\n\nIf they kidnap us? Hell, I'll sure act like a kidnapped victim, and say it out loud for the record, and out side of that bank... I mean... \"court\".  \n\nThe only question I want to hear/answer from those pieces of shit is: \"How do you wish to proceed?\"\n\nLet's remember it's OUR lives we are talking about. And these pieces of shit, using programming, have stripped-off our BALLS, and tamed our instincts of SURVIVAL. \n\nWe are trained to \"feel bad\" to talk for ourselves, be \"afraid\" to \"defend\" our lives, be \"scared\" to use \"violence\", or to even kill if we have something like... a stranger in a costume pointing a gun at our heads, in private property, no crime has been committed, and he is DYING to kill us for no reason. Oh, no wait... maybe we should act \"peacefully, and \"honorably\", while getting KILLED!\n\nCeit Butler shared a step-by-step procedure on how she dealt with a criminal matter. It's rock solid. \nhttps://www.facebook.com/groups/tenderforlaw/595084573860812/\n\nAnd if you want to have some fun, Pete suggested somewhere something that makes complete sense. Before anything is agreed upon, and with much advance via telegram and/or registered mail, qualify our capacities, ask a TON of questions that need to be answered prior doing business, and give terms and conditions if they want to play. Call the fraud up front. Let them know we know what is happening.\n\nWhy? Because FUCK OFF, that's why! We are the only party with standing. They are not a person, they are not a party. The \"judge\" is an unauthorized administrator, and we have a SECURED INTEREST on the matter.\n\nNow, the Admiral explained how to better navigate these muddy waters. When we create something, we control it, and we are in a MUCH BETTER position to attend any matters of commerce in the public, or in the private. We must take from THEM the ability to take OUR VALUE, and we must start using it for ourselves.\n\nThat implies a whole new level of administration, I presume. :D",
   "created_time": "2013-12-04T12:44:07+0000"
 }
