 {
   "id": "892422990793634",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_892386247463975",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "This is FINE work! Everything in it is true.\n\nImpressive! You have been paying attention! I recommend EVERYONE read this for an informative and accurate read! \n\n...and it says so many nice things about me, I was sad when it ended! :(\n\nTime to grade it:\n\nF-\n\nSorry, but NONE of that answers WHY I\"M THE ONLY ONE. Pete Daoust Is VERY close but doesn't have a reasonable answer. He still sees me as this comic-book super-genius who's plan will be obvious over time. \"NO, I HAVE NOT TURNED 'GOOD'!\" - MISSY, Dr Who  S09E01 - 'The Magicians Apprentice'. <---eerie parallel.\n\nThe answer to this question is something you are going to need in 2016 if you have ANY plans on benefiting. Otherwise you are no different than a Piece-of-Shit Christian having \"faith\". (I remind you that Piece-of-Shit Christians have their children raped by priests because they can't believe a 'man of god' would butt-fuck their little boy) \n\nMy honesty serves as notice, these days, nothing more. I keep my promises, even when EVERYONE ELSE doesn't. That's ONLY FOR ME. It has nothing to do with you, and it has NOTHING to do with being \"good\". I'm BETTER. I can only claim that if it's TRUE.\n\nThat's not \"good\".\n\nThat simply means you, and everything about you takes second place to promises I made. That means all the worst things you can dream up.\n\nI would kill your children without a second thought, just to keep my promises.\n\nDoes that frighten you? \n\nIt should. It's CERTAINLY not \"normal\"! \n\nI mention this, because it's connected to the fact that I was kicked out of the club for daring to ask \"have we the right\"?\n\nConnect the two. If I was kicked out for having a scrap of empathy, WHO DO YOU THINK IS IN THE FUCKING CLUB?\n\nI'm one of the \"Nice\" ones, and I'M LITERALLY A FUCKING PIRATE! I command a FLEET of pirates! REALLY! HERE IN REALITY!\n\n...until 2016, that is.  I'm not Admiral after that date (Unless I'm ordered to extend, and even then it's limited to 180 days. The Captains call it the \"snooze alarm\" because they have to order it every 60 days and they can't do it more than three times; Get a new Admiral, or the fleet dissolves.), and I will decide my OWN fate.\n\nThat's something none of you are able to do yet, so until you clue in, we're going to start a war. Don't worry if you've never started a war before. I'll walk you through it. It's stupidly easy, and a hell of a lot of fun! :D\n\n...but I digress.\n\nYou have only confirmed THAT I'm the only one, not WHY I'm the only one. The sheer numbers are Fermi Paradox-grade huge! Look at Facebook! OVER A BILLION people, and I'm the ONLY ONE telling the truth? REALLY?\n\nWhy am I so fucking special?\n\nEven using the 1 in a billion scale, that means there are at least 5 others like me. Where are they?\n\nDo you REALLY think I'm THAT FUCKING UNIQUE? REALLY? That's a REASONABLE thing to BELIEVE, is it? REALLY?\n\nAll you do is confirm what I say. You have not answered the question! These are searches you need to do YOURSELF! You will get NO answers from me. Midnight December 31st 2011 was when your chance for THAT level of guidance started. ALL of you spent it the wrong way... with notable exceptions.\n\nEVERYTHING you have learned from me is just PRESCHOOL training. THIS. ALL of this is just so you are READY to learn how to seize what's yours. \"With great power comes great responsibility\" is not just some spider-man-ripped-off-origin-story-catch-phrase; It's how you hold onto power. The cowards 4 generations ago, leveraged AGENCY and removed surety from themselves, but the \"responsibility\" part is built LEGALLY into any receivership. LEGAL=ACCOUNTING+SURETY <---WHY AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO TELLS THIS SIMPLE TRUTH?",
   "created_time": "2015-10-15T19:23:43+0000"
 }
