 {
   "id": "892488160787117",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_892386247463975",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "I don't actually gauge my success by my assets. Assets are only useful when you need them, otherwise they are liabilities.\n\nI SHOULD have been deleted by 27, if history is any sort of guide ...I'm approaching 50. Since my 30th birthday, I have always had the feeling I was living on borrowed time, and I have LONG AGO accepted that being \"deleted\" is my fate.\n\nThe trick is to find the government worker who made the decision to 'delete\" you and \"Delete\" one of their children. Spouses aren't useful, and would be considered a relief to most government workers, if they were suddenly \"deleted\". Children, on the other hand make them stop.\n\nThe best part: NO WAITING! Your suspect list comes \"pre-padded\", and they KNOW why their children are being relieved of their existence. :D  \n\n...I do all this shit through agency, so I can never be sure, but I'm pretty sure I'm alive because in the 1980's, kids died.\n\nTHAT is success.\n\nIf I live to 300, THAT will be a HUGE success.\n\nI also see farther ahead, and need to consider what that world will be like. Years invested in study means I know intimately about the machines that your lives are on, but know nothing about. I have knowledge none of you have the TIME to acquire! I was almost too old in 1979! EVERYONE fought me. My father's unintentionally famous quote \"Scott, you live in a fantasy world. You watch too much Star Trek and there will NEVER be computers everywhere\" is what made me realize I've already won. I realized my father, a world-renowned civil engineer, fails to grasp the exponential function...\n\n...and he is \"above average\" compared to what's out there. The government's \"smartest\" is no more a threat to me than the world's smartest chimpanzee.\n\nI have something you can't have, because it's impossible to get now, and it cannot be taken away.\n\nTHAT is success. Do what others can't. LOOK AHEAD and BUILD on what you know, not what you \"believe\".\n\nI BELIEVED Ian Scott's agents would keep their LEGALLY BINDING WORD, but they decided it was just easier to alter the court record than to comply with their part of the agreement.  BELIEF will ALWAYS lead to failure.\n\nI am no longer focused on my own interests. I am focused on the interests of those who ACTUALLY care for me; Those who have SHOWN that they think right, and value the RIGHT things.\n\n\"GOOD\" comes as a result. NO I'm not \"GOOD\" <--best \"Missy\" voice.",
   "created_time": "2015-10-16T00:22:47+0000"
 }
