 {
   "id": "893091104060156",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_892386247463975",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "EVERY accusation against me is false. EVERY SINGLE ONE. That is REALITY, even if the whole world BELIEVES otherwise.\n\nPeople do not like REALITY. They like it when reality is altered to suit them (concrete towers vs huts and holes in rock) but they hate reality itself. Reality is for \"smart people\", and you only need them when you need a problem solved...\n\n...and people DO NOT like smart people. They hate them as much as they hate reality. People want \"smart\" to solve problems, and then they want \"smart\" to go away.\n\n...they LOVE retards. Make no mistake! There are more \"autistic\" kids, because they changed the definition of \"autistic\", and called it \"science\" and all you idiots believe it. LOTS of \"special-needs\" schools paid for with your donations and tax dollars...\n\n...exactly NOTHING for \"gifted\" children. This is what the MAJORITY values. You can SEE it, here in REALITY.\n\nThat's a connection they don't want people making; MONEY is the \"middle-man\" between the deluded majority, and REALITY. Roman numerals allow accounting, with no risk of ACTUAL math being \"discovered\". This is an automated \"middle-man\" to math. It's a mechanism that you will find EVERYWHERE that law or money touches.\n\nAccusations are BY DEFAULT, false, here in REALITY. Overcoming that default state requires MONEY. LOTS of money. WHO'S PAYING? Are they paying of their own free will? WHO BENEFITS from accusing me?\n\nMONEY can be used to measure REALITY, if you know how. I'm actually being PAID to stay on Facebook! ...but not with any money the Government/Bank/Law Society has any hand in! :D",
   "created_time": "2015-10-17T19:17:12+0000"
 }
