 {
   "id": "845176045518329",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_845066405529293",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "I have a 100% failure rate with men. Stephen Parker was my greatest success, so the cops killed him.\n\nHe had low aspirations, because everyone fucked him around. I got him what he wanted. He was happy, so they killed him. He became more than anyone expected, and he was approaching his Mid-30's. They took no chances.\n\nIf I had ANY successful male protege I'd still keep trying. \n\n...but I don't, so I won't. The Fender was my last. It just takes too much, and I know I am fighting a \"GREAT FILTER\" so I have NO chance of success. EVERY male who's had my time, is firmly embedded in that filter. They cannot be extracted. They now form part of the matrix that will form the body of the \"GREAT FILTER\".\n\nThe Fender is not yet fully embedded yet. He just has the hubris to think he can break out on his own, and all I can do is watch him fight a program that he will NEVER let go of. It's a program written by long dead strangers, and it knows no fatigue, no despair, and no mercy. It robs you, and you thank it. That's its job; Embed you into the GREAT FILTER. Suddenly you look and a decade has passed, and you missed the \"Starting Gun\". Pink Floyd sang about it, but they never bothered telling you WHY this is true.\n\n...that appears to be MY job, and I haven't been paid. The program is designed to consume time and resources, and will ALWAYS win without outside intervention from someone who grasps the program. I KNOW this to be true.\n\nMales will only waste my time.\n\nI refuse to work, because I refuse to extend credit for time I cannot afford. I'm stuck with what I have now. A Million in Fiat wouldn't hurt at the moment. we need fuel, and until we can figure out how to smuggle that shit, we have to BUY it.",
   "created_time": "2015-06-22T04:20:11+0000"
 }
