 {
   "id": "581003648602238",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_580938475275422",
   "from_name": "Katt Watson",
   "message": "Pete Daoust - you assume incorrectly, I'm seeing a lot of that at the moment. In my line of work I deal with the UK Police on an almost daily basis so if you'd like to take a minute or two to reassess your position - you're welcome to it.\n\nI work with rough sleepers, the homeless, people who have substance and/or alcohol abuse issues, people who have mental health issues, prolific offenders, ex-offenders, sex offenders and a wider range of those who spend a lot of their time being the subjects of Police scrutiny and victims of the System. \nWe stand up for their rights and educate so that people can stand up for themselves.\nI have seen members of the Police force go above and beyond their \"job\" to help people just as I have seen members of the Police force abuse their position to cause harm.\n\nSo. Yes. I do have a lot of experience with the Police. Both good and bad.\n\nAnd, before anyone decides to blast my high horse in the face with a Shotgun, I'm arguing for the preservation of human life. Whether it wears a uniform or not. \nWhatever someone does to a Cop, they could do to you if you stood up to try to help someone in need. \nIf one of you stepped in to stop someone robbing an old guy or to stop a group of teenagers kicking someone to the Kerb and you got shot for it there would be an entirely different reaction here.\n\nThere are bad Cops, there are good Cops just as there are people who do bad things and people who do good things.\nA shotgun blast to the face is not the solution I'd choose to recommend to people for the majority of situations.\n\nUse your indoor words first. OK?",
   "created_time": "2013-10-30T15:39:56+0000"
 }
