 {
   "id": "581014071934529",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_580938475275422",
   "from_name": "Katt Watson",
   "message": "Pete Daoust - Screening? H'mm... Who watches the watchmen?\n\nI would say this to you.\n\nCops today are screened but who by? The Corporation that pays them and that Corporation does NOT hold the people's freedom as a priority. If the people, you and I, were to screen cops what would we look for, how would you screen a Cop? How are you more qualified to screen a Cop for your area than I am.\nCan you prove it or does someone have to screen you first?\n\nScreened like Doctors? No Sir, definitely not screened like Doctors. I've lost two people I love because they were misdiagnosed by incompetent medical \"professionals\". There is no more perfection in the medical screening process than there is  for law enforcement. Why? Talk to Big Pharma about that and don't forget to mention Profit.\n\nAs long as humanity itself - every man, woman and child within it holds the capacity to do bad things, there will be Cops and Police who do bad things.\n\nIf you remove the Law Enforcement agency and every official within it completely and replace it with a democratised Peace Keeping agency - there will still be bad Peace Officers and good Peace Officers because they are human beings, just as we are.\n Oh, and everyone in the world will need a gun to make sure that no one individual, whether Peace Officer or not, can ever threaten another without fear of being shot in the face.\n\nAnd there you have it. Fear. \n\nFuck that for a group of peace loving soldiers. That is what our entire Justice and Law system is based on. Fear.\nFear of punishment, fear of facing violence for standing up for your rights, fear of facing violence from trying to stop people having rights, fear of not even knowing your rights and living in a world where other people can abuse, harm and shoot for not knowing them and fear that you will be shot in the face for trying  to protect others whose rights are being threatened.\n\nIf you start putting an end to that fear by educating everyone and treating everyone equally then you might just have a solution that will work and a solution that doesn't need a gun to prove itself right.",
   "created_time": "2013-10-30T16:12:13+0000"
 }
