 {
   "id": "581030261932910",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_580938475275422",
   "from_name": "Katt Watson",
   "message": "\"Life is not an easy matter... You cannot live through it without falling into frustration and cynicism unless you have before you a great idea which raises you above personal misery, above weakness, above all kinds of perfidy and baseness.\" ~ Leon Trotsky.\n\nAt what point in our reality, in our history, in our existence has there been true equality and proper education?\nLeon Trotsky's entire life was a struggle through war and inequality in his homeland and throughout the rest of the supposedly civilised world until his assassination in 1940.\nHe fought for ideals with words and without the luxury of an instantaneous global platform.\n\nIf equality for everyone has previously been an impossibility there is nothing to say it shall continue to be so. It is my hope for the future that equality and education can be achieved but I am not under the illusion that it will be an easy thing to accomplish or that we will experience an entirely peaceful revolution without bloodshed to reach it.\n\nBut in saying that and also, in adamantly expressing my pacifist tendencies, I am advocating educating people to stand up for their rights by being armed with knowledge, the truth, information and persuasion. Not. With. Guns.\n\nIf you take a school playground as an example, there's an interesting social observation to be made.\n\nKids make friends with a bully because the arguments in a playground can be easily solved with a punch to the face or peace can be tentatively held with the mere threat of violence.\nThat playground bully, for a price, can provide you with security.\n\nWe're still paying that price as adults, in our desire to be safe we created a bully with a taste for power and when that bully grew up, he got a job. Where's he employed now? Where are \"they\" employed now? Oh, our entire Government? Well, shit.\n\nWhat about the kid who could talk his way out of a situation?\nClever kid, that one. Could go far. Not quite as effective as the Bully in the Playground but he had his own way of keeping the peace.\n\nSome of those clever kids are in the Government too, some of them are Politicians. And some of them are posting in this group and helping other to understand the current situation of enforced servitude.\n\nBoth of those childhood stereotypes grew up, as did we, but some of us aren't being lead by words and the truth. Some of us are still cheering on the kid who was, and still is, quick to resort to violence because they're too scared to stand up for themselves with any other means.\n\nYou don't need a gun to use the internet. If you're using one to type, you need to redo your firearm training. There's a multitude of ways to educate people without violence and there's certainly a possibility for a future where people are equal, educated and without the need to resort to violence.",
   "created_time": "2013-10-30T16:58:53+0000"
 }
