 {
   "id": "580986398603963",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_580938475275422",
   "from_name": "Katt Watson",
   "message": "I just want to be extremely clear on what's being obviously advocated and actually celebrated here. I'm presuming that everyone is in possession of \"all\" the facts, how could they not be based on a media evidence that couldn't possibly be biased, in any way at all. Definitely not.\n\n Not to mention this happened over two years ago and no one here has taken any time to mention that the real stand up guy who blasted Robert Lasso in the face, Mr George Hitcho Jr, was dangerously unpredictable with previous records of violence and causing harm to others (just to be very clear, other people who were not police officers).\n On the day in question, Mr Hitcho Jr had threatened another man verbally and had then chased him with a plank of wood.\nGuess the other guy should have exercised his right to shoot that crazy fucker in the face. Guess he didn't know his rights!\n\nI just want to be absolutely certain that it's totally OK to blast someone in the face with a shotgun if I don't like what they're doing. \n Does it matter if they'e not a Cop? Or is killing reserved for them especially? How do we feel about Firemen or Paramedics? \n\n\"You're trying to get me out of a burning building but I want to save whatever is in my fridge... nah, fuck you. Shotgun to the face.\n\nWhile observing my right not to wear a seatbelt, someone else slams into me and I'm having a super time with this steering wheel compressing my broken ribs into my lungs, so much fun that I don't want you to move me. Hey.. stop.. what are you, nah. Fuck that. Take a shot to the face you interfering fuck.\n\nSeriously... someone reported me for a domestic disturbance? That old piece of shit down the road doesn't like me teaching my bitch what's right? He's such a pussy he can't come here and say it to my face? He's pissing his pants because he knows I can fuck him up once these shit for brains Cops have gone, maybe I'll set the dogs on him next time he's out on the street with that fuckstupid walking frame of his. Sticking his nose in where it's not wanted and HEY. WHAT THE FUCK OFFICER. You threatening my dogs with a Taser? Nah, fuck you. Shotgun to the face.\"\n\n Is it OK to kill someone if they're not in any uniformed profession? What if I just don't like them and can I use a Chainsaw instead of a gun.\n What other weaponry is it acceptable to preserve my freedom with? Are we all agreed that it's even more acceptable to fight for freedom while we're on drugs so that we can make the best and most clearly informed decisions possible? That's fine? Awesome!\n\n Let's all celebrate a complete lack of self control and advocate fatal violence! Whoo! Let's all keep dogs that we can't control so we can use that as excuse to blow someone in uniform away because that's the freedom we're happy to kill for and ain't that the truth. \n\nAmen.",
   "created_time": "2013-10-30T14:59:30+0000"
 }
