 {
   "id": "581882118514391",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_581196165249653",
   "from_name": "Chris Evan",
   "message": "NOTICE FOR CLARICICATION\n 11/1/13\nTo: Presiding Justice, Honorable Robert A Brennan\nFrom: Chris\n\nCertified Mail #\n\nHello Mister Brennan, \n\nAn Affidavit was submitted into a Court File for a Case in which you were presiding over.  You declared that the Affidavit was a Motion and treated it as such.\n\nDefinitions\n\nAffidavit: A written or printed declaration or statement of facts, made voluntarily, and confirmed by the oath or affirmation of the party making it, taken before an officer having authority to administer such oath. \n(From: Law Dictionary: http://thelawdictionary.org/affidavit/#ixzz2jPWgzIoG)\n\nMotion: In practice. An occasional application to a court by the parties or their counsel, in order to obtain some rule or order, which becomes necessary either in the progress of a cause, or summarily and wholly unconnected with plenary proceedings. \n(From: Law Dictionary: http://thelawdictionary.org/motion/#ixzz2jPX1HqfR \n\nNeed for further Clarification:\n\nIt seems that if a declaration of facts is submitted into the care of one who has been bestowed the high and honorable title of JUSTICE as well as being a DISINTERESTED third party mediator, then said person should exercise the utmost care and concern when FACTS are declared upon him.  It seems that what you did was took a statement of FACTS and converted it into an APPLICATION.  \n\n1. Therefore, can you please clarify what your intentions were at the time you made this decision?\n2. Can you please indicate how your decision conforms to Massachusetts Code of Judicial Conduct (which may be found here: http://www.mass.gov/cjc/code.pdf)?\n3. Can you please explain why your behavior was appropriate and in the best interests of Justice?\n4. All of your answers MUST be under your FULL commercial liability AND under the pains of penalty and perjury.  Chris can only accept Registered Mail for this communication.  All other forms of mail SHALL be disregarded.\n\nFailure to respond shall not end the matter.  The matter will be escalated until a FULL resolution and explanation has taken place.  You have 10 days to answer these questions, or you will be in DEFAULT.\n\nThank you, \nChris",
   "created_time": "2013-11-01T16:33:05+0000"
 }
