 {
   "id": "607621982607071",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_596089023760367",
   "from_name": "Eamonn O Brien",
   "message": "**UPDATE**\n\nOn 24th Dec the GARDA SIOCHANA received my NOTICE OF MISTAKE along with their original documentation which I had returned with it. They stamped their returned letter as received with the date.\n\nThey have returned their original paperwork, KEPT MY NOTICE,  and have sent a response letter complete with WET SIGNATURE and COMPANY SEAL. \n\nI don't have my scanner to hand but the letter reads...\n\nMr Eamonn O Brien\nxxxxxxxx\nxxxxxx\nxxxxxx\n\nDear Mr. O Brien \n\nI refer to your letter of 23 December 2013 in relation to the above fixed penalty notice.\n\nYou were stopped in person by a member of An Garda Siochana and your name, address and date of birth and driving license details were given at the time of the alleged offence. (All untrue besides the license part, which isn't even mine)...\n\n(The rest of the letter is busy work) \n\nThey go onto say the department I sent my notice to is just a processing office and any queries should be sent to the superintendant in my local sation. \n\nI HAVE NO QUERIES. A MISTAKE HAS BEEN MADE AS I HAVE BEEN MISTAKENLY IDENTIFIED AS A PARTY WITH SURETY WHO MAY HAVE QUERIES...\n\nI remember Suil Eile had a similar response from the court, wet signature and seal after keeping his notice...They haven't named my notice in their response.\n\n\"They acknowledged receiving them. BY NAME. You now have PROPER NOTICE. They now have KNOWLEDGE of your position.\n\nThey are now SOLE SURETY in ANY LEGAL MATTER regarding your name.\" - Scott \n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nSo is it the same situation here? Make a couple notarised copies, endorse the original with my signature on the reverse side and send it back with a brief response? Legal money, paid, account closed, administrated, end of?\n\nPierre, Blake, Chris...\n\nMy understanding is by their acknowledgement of their receipt of my NoM they have taken notice of my position as \"not surety\". So by responding in the way they have they are seeking that I endorse the new offer as administrator and administrate it...",
   "created_time": "2014-01-03T12:03:19+0000"
 }
