 {
   "id": "536627936373143",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_536476996388237",
   "from_name": "Terrica Lewis",
   "message": "No I don't know why you asked me. I don't spend half as much time wondering if I \"believe\" in God as much as you guys do. Uh... Scott Duncan calls himself a King and you guys accept that so willingly like little girls hoping to be crowned as Princess. I don't know Scott Duncan from a bum on the streets... and outside of what I could POSSIBLY learn from this thread, I have no interest in who or what he is or wants to be. YOU guys are undercover gays or something cuz you're straight Dick riders. Understanding this man made law don't make me Queen. I make me Queen, and I don't give a fuck who recognizes it. Fuck the word God. It's a three letter word that means 3 million different things to 3 million different people with 3 million different concepts. Ya'll are so God damn molested by the word God that it dictates whether or not you think someone is worthy to talk to you- ya'll ain't shit. \nFrisbey i don't give a fuck if you made this personal. What you don't realize is this ain't personal for me either. I don't have to agree with you no more than you have to say shit that I like, doesn't mean I'm gonna be like \"oh fuck that guy\". I accept you for who you are and who you're TRYING to be... that right there is Love. And it exists in me. Don't get your panties in a bunch over my choice of words... the ultimate message here is that Get over it.... some people have divested their energy into this concept of \"God\" ... and you have a God complex because you for some reason YOU think your compilation of experiences makes you some sort of Life expert. But youre still dying though?",
   "created_time": "2013-07-14T09:52:24+0000"
 }
