 {
   "id": "531560900213180",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_531146550254615",
   "from_name": "Chad Brodgesell",
   "message": "A question to the members and admins here in this group.\nSo we are only allowed to talk about law and such but not practice what is being explained/discussed?\nInteresting concept. Considering that IT IS THE INTENT of what is being spoken that holds higher ground rather then the form and/or wording. Is this not law? Some see arguing. Well if that is what you see, cool.\nKate Butler, yes. Lashing out in productive ways.\nHave you not noticed that you RESPOND EVERY TIME I use your name in a post? I am asking you questions as to your posts for clarification. You might see this as lashing out. Now ask yourself how many posts you have made in the last say 2 weeks that I have DIRECTLY attacked you on some thing about those posts. Go back through all your posts and find out. Maybe you should reread my posts here in this thread. You just might find you where taking certain things for granted.\nI digress.\nThe question again.\nWorded differently though.\nSo here in this group we are not supposed to respond to DIRECT attacks and trolling?\nWell I have only one response to that. I will simple shut the fuck up and go back to lurk mode since there some valuable info here that I wish to partake of. \nI do this not because I do not want to respond and/or comment. I do this because trying to have a discussion here is impossible with people who can not see that this 'arguing' of mine is in reality just practicing law yet at the same time it is a RESPONSE that someone else started. This is just tiring now and a waste of time.\nBye.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-01T03:55:57+0000"
 }
