 {
   "id": "531542970214973",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_531146550254615",
   "from_name": "Chad Brodgesell",
   "message": "Kate Butler, you are not wrong. If you go into ANY court pissed off and arguing n screaming the obvious will happen to you. They will put you some where where hopefully you can not hurt your self or others.\nBut you are making the assumption that AM LIKE THIS to everyone from your above reply. You would be wrong. Go back through ALL ***ALL*** my posts. Funny how it only happens AFTER ***Pete Daoust*** jumps on me. You your self are making assumptions which are false and because those assumptions are directed at me then I MUST RESPOND. This is Law is it not?\nAn assumption stated stands until rebutted?\nSee the layers here?\nThis IS LAW. Right now! No rebuttal then the statement/assumption stands.\nDo you want me to 2 more layers down into the rabbit hole?\nSorry, 1 more layer. I am not sure of the next yet.\nIf I am wrong I am sure Scott will tear me a new one and Tara make it even wider with a broken bottle.\nI may not know the right words and/or phrase and/or definitions but I DO KNOW that all this LAW stuff in and of it self is only one layer. The LAW stuff does not scare me, the layer under that does.\nI too have been on court, one I lost next 4 I won. In not one of them did I argue or create controversy. \nJust angry and lashing out.\nInteresting.\nSorry, are you saying that your response to going to court is not directly related to being 'angry'  that someone has gone against you?\nAre you saying that 'lashing out' is not a direct response of protecting yourself from being attacked?",
   "created_time": "2013-07-01T02:17:01+0000"
 }
