 {
   "id": "531529540216316",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_531146550254615",
   "from_name": "Chad Brodgesell",
   "message": "I disagree with you. Maybe I should emulate his method of 'language barrier' and see what happens. I do not think that you nor anyone else would be okay with that. Yet when someone trolls you , you are suggesting that it simple be \"Oh well, let it go. It is not worth it to respond\"?\nIs this not what people all around the world are doing right now?\nIs this not what the Government wants you to do? Just cave in?\nIs this not the CORE problem of the world today? People ALLOWING others to run over them?\nMY perception is, if you come after me I will respond. If you disagree with someone choosing to respond to ANY FORM of attack upon themselves is that not what your local government and above want of you? To tell someone else that it is not right for them to respond to an attack against them?\nSo Kate Butler, Who do YOU want me to go to or what form do you want me to fill out to 'Complain'?\n.\nI disagree with you. Some one comes after me I WILL RESPOND.\n.\nTHIS IS WHY WE ARE HERE. To learn HOW TO RESPOND WHEN SOMEONE COMES AFTER YOU.\nIf I am wrong on this....\nSomeone with admin authority on this group BAN me NOW as I can recall upon joining this group \"NON topic discussion will get you banned.\"\nDo you not ***SEE*** the lower layers here?\nThis argue/controversy IS the reason why we are here.\nSht I hope I said all that right.\nFUCKING BAN me IF I am WRONG in the intent.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-01T01:28:48+0000"
 }
