 {
   "id": "697123373656931",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_693050800730855",
   "from_name": "Thomas Holley",
   "message": "Certainly not an expert, but i have been in this long enough to have seen a lot of contradictions in peoples legal philosophy...\n\nIf the doctrine of discovery is how they established law here and that undertaking was in fact fraud then all law here is also fraud. It wouldn't matter that Brits had a treaty with Spain it wouldn't matter that the Americans had an alleged revolution for alleged independence. Both before and after the even it is still fraud and the entire colonized world is under the same condition.\n\nBut since it is their jurisdiction you can't adjudicate a claim in their own court for this. It's not even a de jure court. For a claim this big you would need an international tribunal. The parties of which would/should consist of the original claimants or the indigenous native tribes, the former citizen-subject-debtor-slaves and settler descendents, and some other international juristic party with stake and grievances.\n\nMuch of the international community has already agreed that we have the jus cogens right to self determination. They've also agreed that decolonization is a legitimate path to self determination for the indigenous worldwide. And our futures are both intrinsically entangled as those who see no reason to maintain an allegiance with a criminal enterprise are still legally the occupiers of the indigenous making you their oppressor. So it's really simple if you do not want to be their oppressor anymore then you need them to be your allies.\n\nThis means both sides must show competence otherwise neither side can have confidence that any of us are honorable. So if you're going to take on something so massive you better be damn sure you can trust your partners. There can be no double mindedness in the undertaking.\n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/notes/absalom-kobayashi-maru/implementation-of-the-right-to-self-determination-as-a-contribution-to-conflict-/1398780130351665",
   "created_time": "2014-07-22T15:30:32+0000"
 }
