 {
   "id": "694800217222580",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_693050800730855",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "OK.. I've read the contrary positions here...\n\n...now some REALITY:\n\n1) Life IS trauma. Anyone who says otherwise, is a child, delusional, or is selling you a scam. I loathe ALL of you for this very reason. Hell IS OTHER PEOPLE. This is harmful to those who of us who are BETTER. The notion that \"all of us are equal\" is a lie, intended to sabotage the questioning masses. I did not inflict her trauma.\n\n2) Telling a man who's child was killed for being too smart, too soon, by government workers who think it's their \"job\" and their \"right\" to do so, that you \"suffered a trauma\" is NEVER going to produce a favourable result. You should probably stop that now. As \"trauma\" goes, none of you are in the running.\n\n3) TEACHING YOU SERVES AN AGENDA, NOTHING MORE! I don't know HOW many times I have to say this! I'm not your \"friend\". I mean a LOT of people a GREAT DEAL of harm. I have become VERY good at harming people, and this is part of it. The knowledge I give, is NOT FREE. I'm just sticking people you don't know, with the \"bill\", and I am NOTORIOUS for being a man who collects his debts.\n\n4) I don't CARE! If a parent does that sort of thing, KILL THEM. If you do it right, you will have the closure you seek. If you don't, you will rot in a cage. If you need instruction on that, I will happily facilitate it.\n\n5) Adapt or DIE!\n\nThat pretty much nullifies any contrary position. Reality wins, EVERY TIME.\n\nI am NOT someone broken women should \"reach out\" to. They are broken. The only way to FIX it, is to wipe out everything they are and start from scratch. I consume such women with NO hesitation or remorse. They are just raw material to me. That's a one-way trip for the one \"reaching out\".\n\n...and it's not like I hide this fact. I don't \"fix\" women. I weaponize them. \n\nWhy would ANYONE think I'd do otherwise?",
   "created_time": "2014-07-16T16:52:02+0000"
 }
