 {
   "id": "693357470700188",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_693050800730855",
   "from_name": "David-Paul Sip",
   "message": "The question of CONTRACT is a good one Matthew Gundry. I can't be specific as it is not clear to me :( The Admiral responded YES to your question sooooo now I am left to think there is a contract with the PERSON until the PERSON RESIGNS from PUBLIC SERVICE. \n\nI have heard/read about a \"social contract\" but as far as I can tell there are no written contracts...at least none that is disclosed. Can there even be a contract without disclosure? \n\nI have tested this by asking for the BILL and a copy of the contract in a parking ticket matter only to be told that this is not something that is provided in respect to a parking enforcement matters, implying that there is a CONTRACT that could be produced; This is a LIE.\n\nIt seems to me that any effort to remain in HONOUR is done to avoid being the one creating CONTROVERSY or bringing controversy into the court. It places the burden and onus on them. Does this actually matter to them though? It seems like a \"damned if you do, damned if you don't\" scenario. It does not seem to be worthwhile to remain in HONOUR when it is clear that the GOVERNMENT and the COURTs have no intention to to do so themselves. \n\nThat said things like asking for the BILL or whether you are able to use the SURETY of the PERSON to DISCHARGE the DEBT seems to be part of an effort to remain in HONOUR. I may be wrong but isn't this what is being done when one gives these TRUSTEES an opportunity to respond? Doesn't ACCEPTING or CONDITIONALLY ACCEPTING (as per the BILLS OF EXCHANGE ACT) or stating \"Tell me I'm wrong and I will Pay\" (to paraphrase Capitaine Pete) allow one to avoid CONTROVERSY and remain in HONOUR or is this a shit stain? :/",
   "created_time": "2014-07-13T05:09:03+0000"
 }
