 {
   "id": "521482184554385",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_521422214560382",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "I am sorry, but you should shut-the-fuck-up, for a while. I have taken months before I have opened my mouth to even dare say anything here, because I respect the VALUE of the people here, and the VALUE they offer, mostly Scott, of course.\n\nScroll all the way down, to the very first post here. Start making notes, then do the same with ALL freaking posts of interest here. Then write questions regarding ONLY to the specific topics Scott has required (if you take time to read everything here, even the comments). \n\nYou ask people to \"stop wasting\" Scott's time. Well, almost (I said almost) everything you have posted here has absolutely NO VALUE. If you had READ before asking/commenting MANY things, YOU would had NEVER made those questions/comments to begin with.\n\nI come here, because a find information that is offered by Scott, and some others, \"of inestimable value\", like Tara Duncan says.\n\nMy intention is not to \"hurt\", be a prick, offend, or cause controversy here with YOU, Mr. Frisbey, and/or ANYBODY. This is not a debate, I will not debate about crap. So don't even think of replying to MY comment.\n\nANYONE who really VALUES Scott's time, and MY time, and perhaps others, before posting/commenting AT LEAST STUDY what has been discussed here... SHUT THE FUCK-UP! Study before you keep wasting peoples time with shit like:<<I once used a football game to make a game controller the pass button was hyper space.>> Who's going to return to me those 4 seconds of torture?\n\nHere, I'll give you a present, with luck, you may be able to at least to recognize vowels, and consonants. https://www.dropbox.com/s/htviuvsf7voj61k/The%20Tender%20for%20Law%20-%20The%20Best%20of%21%20Gold%20nuggets%20notes.docx\n\nThen re-read everything you have posted here. Afterwards, put your head on a toilet, then  flush it a couple of times.\n\nDon't take this personal. Welcome to THE TENDER FOR LAW.",
   "created_time": "2013-06-06T06:35:39+0000"
 }
