 {
   "id": "512618845440719",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_512381652131105",
   "from_name": "Jinny Freeman",
   "message": "Writing to let you know of our two victories- among others. These are two cases won in AZ courts.\nMaricopa County Superior Courts\nSuperior Court - Maricopa County\n\nwww.superiorcourt.maricopa.gov/\n\nView shared post\n1. Harold Bruce Hyden  CR2008-158369-001\n2. Peter M. Pilat, Sheilla Pilat CV2010-016616\n \nThe first case was a felony case. It was bonded using GSA forms based on the SSN as a FEDERAL CONTRACTOR and the oaths of the judge, DA, public defender were accepted. All PUBLIC OFFICERS were appointed Fiduciary Trustee to settle the matter to -0- and erase all records. Dismissed without prejudice.\n \nThe second case was a foreclosure case. The Pilats had lost the case after fighting and hiring lawyers for almost three years. The judge had ordered the writ to the sherriff to foreclosure. The case was closed and ended, The Pilats had nothing to lose. They filed the appointments the judge, lawyers in the case-the case that was closed and over with. They did not bond the case. The judge gave the lawyers, bank fifteen days to answer. After 15 days the bank did not answer. The lawyers did not answer. The judge reversed her order and found for the Pilats and dismissed without prejudice.\n  We have th evidence and the who, what,where and why's for both cases. You can enter the identifiers in the case history on the courts web site to verify our victories. It was short and sweet. In other cases we had a IRS judge abandon the court. This is powerfull and it works.\nWe do not argue we act in peace\nWould be great to share all the info.\n \nMike Mason\nRialto,CA\n\nhttp://robcourtofrecord.wordpress.com/2013/05/",
   "created_time": "2013-05-13T13:41:28+0000"
 }
