 {
   "id": "602281776474425",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_602227529813183",
   "from_name": "Daniel J Wentz",
   "message": "Don't get too comfortable.\n\nHe's just here to clear up my nasty \"Second-hand information\".\n\nThat reminds me:\n\nBEGIN: Second-Hand Information -----------------------------------\n\nAh the rhetoric of Andrew Fatone!\n\nYou seem to be under the misguided assumption that you have entered into a debate. You are not expected or invited to respond as your response would again be rehetoric.\n\nThe interesting thing about your ilk is that you rewrite history to suit your public persona. Your ad hominem attacks and profanity notwithstanding, you and I know who and what you really are. You know who you \"claimed\" to be, and the reality of what you ultimately have to offer.\n\nYou were given much more than you allege in this post, both financially, educationally and interpersonally.\n\nThe last time you visited, you were allowed onto the boat at the Admiral's request. You will not be allowed to return by the Captain's order.\n\nThose few people who have been in our company have always been the recipients of anything and everything we have to offer. At times this has involved ridiculous opulence; at others a conversation and a cup of tea.\n\nScott's price for this consideration is your honesty, willingness to learn, and, perhaps, when called upon, a small favour. The favour is always trivial to you, but is everything to us. In this, as in your promise to set the record straight, you demonstrably failed.\n\nThere is nothing to debate here; nothing to refute. At the end of the day you and I know the truth. When you wake up tomorrow morning, your public bravado notwithstanding, you will still be only what you are.\n\n(In case anyone is confused, this is not Ceit)\n\nEND: Second-Hand Information -------------------------------------\n\nSeriously. Stop wasting time with these loads of defective cowards. They waste time and resources.\n\nAs I understand it, Andrew Lawrence waddled in and declared \"I answer to NO MAN\", then the stupid land-whale wanted ratification!\n\nI vetoed that, and removed that possibility, permanently. He could theoretically be crew, but we don't have ANY vessels that need THAT much ballast.",
   "created_time": "2013-12-21T12:43:46+0000"
 }
