 {
   "id": "462493170453287_955376827831583",
   "created_time": "2016-03-07T17:56:30+0000",
   "updated_time": "2016-03-07T17:56:30+0000",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "from_id": "927379467328526",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'} {u'name': u\"Andrew D'Aragon\", u'id': u'10153969014425567'}]",
   "message": "A few words on the subject of \"gratitude\".  \n\nAs I've said countless times before, the reason I go through all this effort to ensure you know the truth, is that I have an agenda.   I haven't exactly made it a state secret either.   That said, many of you are extremely 'grateful'.   I have no idea why.  If some stranger showed up, out of nowhere, and showed me that virtually everything I see, hear, think and believe is a lie, and that I'm incapable of critical thought, I don't think I'd be that overjoyed.  That's what your reaction is supposed to be.  You're supposed to be angry.  You're supposed to use that anger as motivation to either, confirm or refute, what I have said.  Those who attempt to refute me are attempting to refute reality, and they fail every time.  Those who attempt to confirm what I say are always really hurt that I was right.  \n\nFor some reason my knowing as much as I do, really hurts people's feelings.  A disturbing number of people are frightened by it.   There is nothing I can do about that.  The fear reaction is an evolutionary response designed to alert you to danger.  The danger has always been there though.  Many of you fail to grasp that, even though you have this new insight, nothing in reality has changed - you just know more.\n\nCurrently this group has fewer than forty members.  I still think that's too many.  The fewer people there are here, the fewer \"shit stains\" can show up.  However, the group is public, and anyone can read it.  The gold is in the comments, and there is almost four years' of information to go through.  Many people review this information.  In fact, hundreds do.  Sometimes people message me, and they unwittingly end up in \"We get letters\".    But what about those who don't end up in this unfortunate category?  What of the ones that actually receive the answers they are seeking, instead of the abuse those trying to game the system might receive?   Those with a legitimate question, I always answer; and if it's information all of you can use, I usually request they publish the question in the group.  The rest I help out, as best I can, with the limited mental resources they possess.   I'm sure you thought that was condescending (that means talking down to people :) ).  That doesn't change the fact that it's true.  Your AGENTS made me.  I was sold as raw material to your AGENTS.  Your AGENTS gave me the knowledge, and the abilities, to simply know more than the rest of you.  \n\nThis is simply a fact.  I am a semi-evolved chimp that made it this far.  So are you.  I don't possess any mental powers that you don't.  I was, however, programmed differently at a key age - with intent.  I literally have \"after market\" upgrades, and for twenty years I did my job very, very well.  Of course I did.  I couldn't help it.  The problem is that when you're young and you have these advantages, you are by your very nature, incapable of avoiding the trap of thinking wrong and valuing the wrong things.  At the time, your AGENTS were those I considered my benefactors.  Had I not dared asked, \"Have we the right?\" those many years ago, it would probably be me directing the war against the FREE-DUMBERS and the \"Sovereign Citizens\"; and I'm sure I would have purged all of them as efficiently as I purged people in government that might have been able to help.   It was my job.  And...as I stated before, I was very, very good at it.\n\nEveryone should keep this in mind when they talk about how grateful they are, because the weapons I use against the government today, are the ones that worked against me those many years ago.  What prompted me to ask \"Have we the right?\"  It would be easier to list the alphabet agencies that didn't employ my services during my heyday.  What did I get in return?  - access to technology years, sometimes decades, ahead of everyone else.  You take a lot of things for granted these days like open source software and hardware.  Even in the late 1980's when the Gnu Public License (GPL) was in its infancy, you could get access to the software, but you'd need to drop $60,000 for the hardware to run it.  Now I can buy a supercomputer for $5.  Think about that.  In 1989, a Raspberry Pi Zero, which is a $5 computer, would blow away every computer in existence.   Except back then to use a computer, you really had to know what you were doing.  In 1990 I regarded the Internet as the closest thing to social paradise humanity had ever achieved.   The difference is that, back then in order to even 'be' on the Internet, you had to be an academic (studying at a well-funded university) or you had to really know what you were doing.  Now any idiot can get on the Internet.  \n\nI mention these historical facts to give you perspective.   That for which you are feeling gratitude, doesn't exist.  When you succeed, I succeed, but not in the ways you think.  You are effectively a shell fired from a cannon.  Each success that you have is a devastating blow.  Those tasked to respond to such attacks tend not to feel the impact until months after the fact.  When I explain law, and get you asking the right people the hard questions, I am firing a weapon.  Unfortunately I rely on your crippled brains as the guidance system.  I'm always very happy when you succeed.   Again, not for the reasons you might think.  \n\nUnderstand that I know what goes on behind the scenes when you do these things.  Their abilities to react are limited. ..\n\n...which brings me to a digression I feel is necessary.\n\nWhen you say, \"Scott Duncan says 'hi'\",  you are literally signing your attack with my name.  That frightens a lot of \"higher ups\".  The problem is the higher-ups in question are two generations removed from those that made me.  I think more of us survived than was intended.  Dan and Donna are still here, which is surprising because they \"failed\" their training/tests.  I'm what happens when they \"succeed\".  \n\nKeep that in mind when you say, \"Scott Duncan says 'Hi'\", because I am a terrifying relic, from a less politically correct time; a time which produced many things the government would very much like to forget and/or make disappear.   I'm not going to try to discourage you from saying,  \"Scott Duncan says 'Hi'\", because let's face it...it's hilarious on several different levels.   Just pay some mind to the reactions the receiver of this NOTICE might have.\n\n...I digress.\n\nBack to gratitude.  I'm really, really happy that I can solve your problems.  I'm even happier when you realize that YOU didn't create them.  I'm really happy I gave you an understanding you didn't have before - but I don't really care.  Just last night I received an \"I'm so grateful\" phone call.  It was a woman too!  You'd think by now she'd know how to properly express her 'gratitude'.  It's really, really simple.  Choose one of the designated uniforms (naughty school girl, porno secretary, slutty nuclear physicist) and memorize your lines (1: That hurts mister, 2: Do it harder, 3: I've been a bad girl) - and then just show up :)  Seriously, how fucking hard is that???\n\n...otherwise, fuck off with your gratitude!  It benefits me in no way whatsoever!\n\nThe woman that called last night said, \"I just had to thank you\", to which I responded, \"Why?\"  How do I benefit from that?  I don't get smarter, or richer - hell I don't even get stress-relieving sex out of it!\n\nI had to explain very slowly that the reason she \"just had to thank me\" is that she's running a debt relief program.  It's why I don't accept any of your \"thanks\".  You're running a program, which means you're telling a lie.  When you are \"thankful\" to me, YOU ARE LYING!   When you are \"grateful\" to me, YOU ARE LYING!  I know this, because I've heard it a million times before, and I know how the program works.  There are no words you could speak in expression of this alleged gratitude, that Andrew D'Spyder-Pig(tm) hasn't also said.  I've heard it all before, and your words are as worthless as the fat tub-of-shit who uttered them previously is.   If you want to show gratitude, send me some bacon made from the hide of a genuine Spyder-pig.   Otherwise, I don't want to hear it.  I don't care if you're grateful.  You're exploded ordinance.  Your work is done, and you benefitted.   That's the way things should be.  You do a job...and you get paid!  You volunteered to do a job for me - and you got paid.  The transaction is complete.   Ask yourself why you feel the need to communicate something I have made a concerted effort to NOTIFY you, that I do not want.   I do not VALUE your thanks.  I VALUE your actions.  I VALUE you doing things that haven't been done before.  I VALUE the results of the knowledge I've given you - as it should be.  \n\nYou think wrong and you value the wrong things.  Of all my Scottisms(tm), that one is the crown.  If you accept that as truth, then you must also accept that as the one who told you, I don't think wrong and I don't value the wrong things.  The reason it's so easy to make any one of you look evil and stupid, is that you're evil and stupid.  You value the things that evil and stupid people do.  That's what makes you evil and stupid.  Why do you think I would want thanks from someone who is evil and stupid?  If you happen to be male, or a female who doesn't feel like feeding any of my many addictions, then learn to express proper gratitude.  Pete Daoust thanks me by actually doing something.  Michael Atkins thanks me by actually doing something.  Eamonn O'Brien thanks me by actually doing something.  That's the gratitude I VALUE.   That's thanks that actually means something. ..and that's what makes \"You're welcome\" more than just a mere platitude.   It's one of the things that motivates me and keeps me going.  \n\nI've shown you almost everything you're capable of understanding at this point.  I have built, and am building, things that cannot be used yet, because there are not enough people who understand.  All of you are still taking inventory of what was stolen from you.  I can assure you that is a waste of time.  You're not qualified to understand what was stolen from you; and if you think you're angry now, wait until you are qualified.   I keep stressing the point.  I am fundamentally no different than you.  We're all semi-evolved chimps that made it this far.  Everything else is \"shit we made up\".   Yet, I am demonstrably \"more\" than you.  The only reason this is true is that I was manufactured by your government.  In order to do the jobs I was being groomed for, they couldn't steal from me what they stole from you.  No matter how hard I try, I cannot conceptualize living life through your crippled eyes.  You have a myriad of programs and filters that were socially-engineered into you by long-dead strangers.  Each generation adds to these programs, and now I'm considered rude and crazy, when I point out the fact that I live in a world where it's perfectly normal to be \"an adult with an imaginary friend\".  \n\nYou have been robbed, and you claim to feel gratitude for the efforts I have put forth to demonstrate this.  If this is true, then try to get back what was stolen from you.  Trust me when I say it's going to be one of the most difficult repossessions ever, but I promise you it's worth the effort.  \n\nIf you're feeling compelled by gratitude, ask yourself why.  I've written extensively about how much I don't give a shit, so I get the irony, but that doesn't address the actual point.  You are running a program.  It is a program somebody put there.  That somebody is long-dead so you can't call them to account.  What you can do, is call to account those who would dare exploit it today.   There are a lot of people that do.  Virtually every agent in the \"Justice System\" exploits that program to some degree.  It's why they never got rid of it.  It's too useful.  In order to social-engineer on a large scale, and to embed a program that deeply, you require man power, infrastructure (like schools and churches), and a hierarchy to dictate policy.   And, it needs to start from childhood.   It's costly, and it consumes resources, so the end result had better be worth it.   The fact that such a program exists at all, proves that it clearly is.  It's part of a much larger program which I have labelled, \"Everybody knows\".  You've seen examples of \"Everybody knows\".  They're not hard to spot if you know what to look for.  If  \"everybody knows\" something, and this thing that \"everybody knows\" is absurd upon further examination, you are looking at the by-product of the larger \"Everybody knows\" program.  For the longest time, everybody knew that you don't question religion, or you don't talk about your salary, or you don't ask who somebody voted for; and when questioned they'll angrily respond, it's \"common knowledge\", \"everybody knows\", you \"do/don't do that\".  You must always be cautious of by-products from the \"Everybody knows\" program.   A lot of time, effort, resources and money, are churned out daily to maintain the copy of \"Everybody knows\" that's running in your empty, little head right now.  All of you are crippled by your own love of some bullshit belief, and if you want any hope for the future, you might start with getting rid of those bullshit beliefs.   \n\nEvery one of you that calls to \"thank me\", because they \"JUST HAD TO\", has never produced an answer when I ask why they \"just had to\".   None of you ever stop and question why you \"believe\" what you do!   I don't know what it's like to run the programs you have.  My very nature prohibits me from understanding your experience in any meaningful way.   I was literally created to maintain the programs you are currently running.   What's even more frightening, is that I was a more sophisticated version of what existed before.  Not only was I built to maintain these things, I was built to deploy new ones.  It keeps me up at night, wondering if my profound love of computer science, is nothing but a program somebody put there.  Then I remember it's the government.  They're not that smart - they never were; because in the end, I'm the failed by-product of ambitious idiots.  One's a drooling vegetable - the rest are dead.  I lament the fact that I had a hand in so few of their deaths.  I learned a long time ago that it's pointless to target old people.  Target what they leave behind.  Engineer circumstances so their children implode.  Impede them every step of the way.  It's surprisingly easy to do, and a hell of a lot of fun.\n\nAs I said to my grateful caller last night, \"I'm not a good man, I'm an honest man\".  It is vital that you understand they're not the same thing.  You presume they are at your own peril.  \n\n...and now the point.  \n\nThese urges where you \"just have to thank me\" are a program designed to trigger an endorphin response.  You quite correctly realize that a debt has been incurred, and you very mistakenly think the utterance of the words, \"Oh thank you, kind sir\" somehow discharges this debt.  If anything, your thanks acknowledges and perfects the debt...and when I say, \"You're welcome\", I mean you're welcome to the debt.  It's yours, and you still hold it.   If nothing else, I am a man who collects his debts, no matter how long it takes.  \n\nSo yes, I'm awesome.  I already know that.  You don't need to tell me.  I've led a life that would make most of you weep with envy.  I have a standard of living better than 98% of the planet, and better than the richest in all of recorded history.  I've shown you the advantages you have today, that no humans have ever had.  I made the grandiose claim that you could be your own bank, and make your own money, and that it would be better than any bank or money that exists today.  It's all new to you.  Everything new to you, is at least five years old to me.  It's just the way it has always been.  I don't know life without it.  I never will.  So you have something I will never have - an experience that I can never have.  Think about it.  Whenever I show you something \"new\" it's suddenly everywhere, and there's a shitload of information about it too.  Even if you joined this group when I started it, Bitcoin was almost three year's old at the time.  I told you that the blockchain was the point, not the currency.  Then Ethereum shows up, proving my point.   All of this happened right in front of you, yet I have no special powers.  I don't possess any mental powers you don't.  The reason you perceive such a huge difference between us, is that you are hobbled by countless programs which most of you are far too old to purge.   There's hope for your children though.  The simple ethic of \"take what you need and give the rest to everyone\" is the first value you should instill in children.  Imagine if \"wars\" were fought on that basis.  Imagine if the hostile act was donating your nation's surplus to your enemy.  If every child was taught to take what it needs, and to give the rest to everyone, it would destroy all those evil programs you're currently running.  They'd become laughable relics two generations from now.  As soon as I say it, you know it's true; but it will never happen because it takes time, effort, resources, manpower and materials, to maintain those programs you're currently running.   Most of all it costs MONEY.  Lots of money.  It's automated, and it's self-maintaining, but you have to feed it money to keep it alive.  \n\nIt all comes down to money.  What you know as \"law\" is the by-product of money.  LEGAL = SURETY and ACCOUNTING, the rules of which are TENDERED through that ACCOUNTING.  This one simple fact has never been told to you by anybody else.  As soon as I say it, you know it's true.  If it doesn't instantly \"click\" for you, you're likely one of those who will fall into the crowd that attempts to \"disprove what I say\".  Attempts to do that are foolish, because it will only help me, and will only help you look evil and stupid.  Don't let me discourage you from trying though.  The reason you were never taught this is that the people aware of this, are paid not to tell you.  I, on the other hand, am not paid, so I tell you.  See how that works?  Every lawyer that was called to the bar, is paid not to tell you.  Every chartered accountant that sets PUBLIC POLICY, is paid not to tell you.  Every revenue collecting AGENCY of the GOVERNMENT, is paid not to tell you.  Every \"Justice\", pretending to be a judge, is paid not to tell you.  Again...I'm not paid.  It's very difficult to \"pay\" me.  I won't accept money that was taken by force from others.  I refuse to benefit from the proceeds of crime.  The government can't pay me.  They once paid me in the only way that they could - through concessions, POLICIES and UNDERTAKINGS, which were supposed to be in place for my lifetime, but are now suddenly forgotten and/or ignored.  This means the government can't even pay me that way.  If you're wondering why, refer to that whole, \"fool me once\" adage.  This isn't really difficult.  \n\nI hope this post makes my position on the whole \"gratitude\" thing as unambiguous as possible.  I've tried really hard to get the message across.  Yes, I get it.  Your life has changed, and I saved you from <insert peril here>, and you just had to thank me.  Good.  I accept your acknowledgement of the debt you owe me.  Unlike the government, I'm not hampered by any ACT, CODE or STATUTE as regards the debt owed to me.  This means I can literally base my interest rate on my mood, and I do charge interest on my debts.  I advise you not to leave the debt open for too long, because if I achieve my goal of becoming really, really old, other people's corpses are going to be really VALUABLE to me, and may eventually become the only way to pay that debt.  Who knows what the future holds?  Oh wait...I do.  \n\nIf you really want to thank me, put forth the effort to figure out what it is that I value; because at the moment you're not qualified to be asking that question.  Be warned that one is a time-consuming rabbit-hole that I guarantee will fundamentally change you - and probably not for the better.  You can take solace in the knowledge that the mere effort benefits me every time.   You, however, are the one that pays the price.  Don't say I didn't warn you, and you discover what I value at your own peril. \n\nOtherwise, you can thank me by taking what you have learned, and ACTUALLY DOING SOMETHING.  \n\nLet me say that again, just so we're clear.  You are not qualified to thank me in any other way -- so, take what I have taught you, and ACTUALLY FUCKING DO SOMETHING!\n\nTL;DR: Do shit.  Cue Shia LaBeouf:  \n\n",
   "link": "https://youtu.be/os6U77Hhm_s",
   "name": "Shia LaBeouf TED Talk",
   "caption": "youtube.com",
   "description": "Shia gives a TED Talk on Motivation! Subscribe! Follow me @MichaelMcNeff on twitter. Thanks to #INTRODUCTIONS https://vimeo.com/125095515",
   "source": "https://www.youtube.com/embed/os6U77Hhm_s?autoplay=1",
   "type": "video",
   "place": "None"
 }
