 {
   "id": "602215623147707",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_602209893148280",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "message": "Scott Duncan Why? BECAUSE FUCK OFF, THAT'S WHY! ...oh wait. Wrong thread.\n\nThe court MUST accept forgiveness because that is what the authority MUST do. That is what GIVES authority. When you make a MISTAKE there is no HOSTILE INTENT, and since there is no hostile intent in a mistake, the court cannot claim \"conflict\".\n\nScott Duncan Derek Moran, in a CIVIL matter you ALWAYS want to be the DEFENDANT.\n\nScott Duncan MAY is FUNCTIONALLY the same as SHALL & MUST, but with \"options\".\n\nScott Duncan Writ-of-PROHIBITION relies on pre-existing ESTOPPEL to have force and effect.\n\nScott Duncan Neither. You are giving it to them for disposition. (the BC)\n\nIt's THE ONLY CLAIM they have on you. Give them the PERSON. YOU ARE NOT THAT PERSON. You HAVE/USE that person.\n\nScott Duncan If you give WAL-MART a coupon, do they keep it when the transaction is complete?\n\nScott Duncan Make LOTS of NOTARIZED copies of your BIRTH CERTIFICATE. The court has the name there.\n\nScott Duncan ...they already have the \"person\". Kelleran Holman has it right. If I'm asked I tell them JOHN SCOTT DUNCAN is ALREADY in the court's custody.\n\nYou only need make NOTARIZED COPIES because you are identifying the security of the name. The BIRTH CERTIFICATE is NOT THE NAME, it's PROOF of the SECURITY OF THE PERSON. The number of copeis is irrelevant.\n\nPierre Eleveneightfivetwo and the SURETY is not YOU, its the COUPON (BC)\n\nScott Duncan ...of THE SURETY they are MISTAKEnly trying to joinder YOU with.",
   "created_time": "2013-12-21T07:32:14+0000"
 }
