 {
   "id": "604110866291516",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_602776756424927",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "They DON'T think that.\n\nTry to imagine, having NO talent of ANY sort.\n\nYou can't do anything in the Science field because you got C's and D's in school.\n\nYou are too lazy/stupid to acquire a skill to create/build anything, and if you did, there's too much ACTUAL talent competing against you.\n\nWhat do you do?\n\nGOVERNMENT WORK!\n\nYou can't get a job in the real world, so the government gives you a job. You are working for a few years, and any possibility of surviving in the private sector is GONE.\n\nTry to picture that! You are a worthless sack of shit living off of the labour of others. How do you live with yourself? You delude yourself, of course!\n\nYou have 2 choices:\n\n1: Make yourself think you are \"doing important work\". Every day you tell yourself that what you do is \"essential\" and you start to adopt government acronym lingo. Words are replaced with other words so you can ignore the fact you are harming others. Your only goal is to get that pension.\n\n2: Believe you are \"Better\" than the \"poor ignorant masses\" and what you are doing is \"for the greater good\" and \"community cohesion\".\n\nThese sacks of shit think it's their \"right\" and/or \"entitlement\" and nothing any of you say or do will change that. There's a pension involved, and they have children to feed. Like the Cuckoo Bird, they raise their children off of YOUR labour, and will kill YOUR children to feed theirs.\n\nDon't be confused. They ALL know.\n\nWe (The Nobility) created this system. They don't think like you. They can't, otherwise they'd all end up killing themselves. It's why you are considered a \"terrorist\". Name calling is all they CAN do.\n\nDon't think they will \"wake up\" when they imposed their own blind spots.",
   "created_time": "2013-12-25T23:47:08+0000"
 }
