 {
   "id": "570846012951335",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_570487992987137",
   "from_name": "Ceit Butler",
   "message": "And here's the thing, you can continue to debate everything that's said to you, or you could actually LISTEN to what's being said. \n\nStop arguing about whether or not we are right. Just ACCEPT that you are wrong and start trying to figure out the reasons WHY that is. \n\nNo one is misunderstanding or \"being mean to you\" for having a learning disability. In fact, if you go back and re-read this entire thread, you should pick up on a re-occuring theme. The message has been the same all along, albeit delivered in a more tongue-in-cheek fashion at some points than others. \n\nListen MORE than you speak. If you DO speak, make it to ask questions. If you DO ask questions, make them RELEVANT ones! Try developing the habit of stopping and reviewing each post before making it. Examine what you are about to say and stop and ask yourself:\n -\"Is this accurate and essential information?\". \n -\"If I DIDN'T make this comment, would it matter one way or another?\"\n\nAnd lastly, (and I really think this could be the game-changer!) before making any comment...just imagine you're in the middle of a serious, one-on-one conversation, talking directly to Scott on the phone. Is your comment worth wasting his time over? Because that's what you're doing...EVERY ONE'S time is wasted, (including Scott and Tara's) when we have to scroll through bullshit. Personal conversations can easily be had in PERSONAL chats.",
   "created_time": "2013-10-12T07:42:08+0000"
 }
