 {
   "id": "570835202952416",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_570487992987137",
   "from_name": "Ceit Butler",
   "message": "My \"honest opinion\"...you felt it necessary to qualify that, just in case I was considering lying to you to soften the blow? Do I strike you as the \"breaking-it-to-you-gently\" type? If so, allow me to dispel that fallacy right now. I'm the \"brutally-honest\" type and I don't pull any punches.\n\nDo I think you are completely worthless? Well, I don't know you so I can't formulate an opinion on that. \n\nI DO, however, think you are an obsequious boot-licker. The kind of man who needs SOMEONE to follow. Now you obviously don't fit into any of Society's preferred molds but being a Follower, you don't have the moral fiber required to stand on your own merits. \n\nYou're a man in search of a better man to follow...which still leaves you marching in line for someone else's initiatives.\n\nYou post an inordinate amount of crap in this group. Most of it is either copy-n-pasting things that Scott has said, or just pointless self-aggrandizing comments. \n\nInstead of simply memorizing the pertinent statements you come across to be regurgitated at a later date, I'm sure, in hopes of impressing those you are conversing with, I have a novel suggestion. Try actually THINKING about aforementioned pertinent statement. Figure out WHY it is pertinent. Do some research of your own! \n\nThis is the difference between MEMORIZATION....and UNDERSTANDING. Even a dumb fucking bird can be taught to parrot \"2+2=4\"...but do you think that means it now grasps the finer points of mathematical calculations?\n\nI'll let you ponder one this for awhile...",
   "created_time": "2013-10-12T06:56:58+0000"
 }
