 {
   "id": "462493170453287_570487992987137",
   "created_time": "2013-10-11T15:33:20+0000",
   "updated_time": "2015-05-30T19:10:56+0000",
   "from_name": "Tara Duncan",
   "from_id": "1.02034833945604E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "What's with the chick posts?  \n\nI'm reading through a number of things people have deemed worthy of putting into print, and frankly I'm amazed at how little has been learned.\n\nThese posts all have a commonality that, loosely translated, sounds like, \"I know a guy that knows a guy...no names...and this guy has a problem.  I'm not going to provide much detail because anyone who is really anyone should be able to read between the lines and KNOW what I'm trying to say.\" \n\nThese posts continue by providing exactly no relevant information that would describe the problem or the circumstances that brought the problem into existence; but they are asking for your assistance in solving it - in some equally undefined way.  At least that's the impression I get as few people seem to be able to articulate a desired result.\n\nThis to me seems like \"chick speak.\"  The conversation all men (and some women) have had where the requester (yep, a chick) says there is a problem that you should innately comprehend, because \"if you don't know, I'm not going to tell you.\"\n\nIf you are inviting conversation or advice you should provide the nature of the problem or event, the circumstances leading to the issue, and the desired result.  It should not take 50-100 comments by well-meaning, but also equally confused strangers, to get to even a semblance of the facts.\n\nIf you don't have the facts, don't post your idiot problem.  If you are viewing the idiot problem, don't spend your valuable time playing I-Spy with the original poster.  I don't care how much you love the poster.  I don't care whether you think the poster has intellectual superpowers or should be held in high regard.\n\nFor here's the thing.  In the Emperor's new clothedness of things, if you respond to a post with your oh-so-pointless advice (for how could it be otherwise if you don't know the nature of the problem), you have become an enabler.  You are lending your credibility, however insignificant, to the mix.  In this universe significant interest equals significant relevance.  Do you see how this works?\n\nPeople love a problem.  It has become popular to entice others to ask a ridiculous number of questions to draw out the information.  But at what cost?\n\nIf you are the original poster, get your facts down.  If you can't write in real sentences, use point form.  \n\nWhy are you seeking advice?\nWhat, specifically, is the problem?\nWhat, briefly, led to the issue.\nHow has the issue manifested, and what are the negative ramifications?\nWhat is the desired result?\n\nHere's an example:\n\nI will be departing on a cross-country hitchhiking adventure in two weeks and I have damaged my primary thumb.\nI hit it with a hammer while I was putting up a nail to hang a picture.  There is soft tissue damage, and some mild bleeding, but no permanent damage.\nCurrently my thumb is bleeding and swelling which will negatively impact my ability to get a ride.\nWhat is the most effective way to treat the injury so I can pursue my dream?\n\nIn this particular scenario the advice may encompass some probing questions about why you need to go on a hitchhiking adventure, what your goals are, or whether it might be preferable to take a bus.  But at least there is something specific for people to comment on. \n\nAre you here to learn how to think, or are you so eager for emotional support that you'll compel other equally unfulfilled people to feed your chick-shit shortcomings?  There are soap operas and therapy sessions for that.  At least if you pursue this option people will know you are just there to vent, and will not be enticed into trying to solve your unsolvable questions.\n\nThink or shut the fuck up!  I hope that's clear enough. If it isn't, go whine to your therapist... or the girls from Sex and the City.\n\n...idiots.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
