 {
   "id": "561831837186086",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_550101411692462",
   "from_name": "Harold Austerman",
   "message": "Vi Coactus, abbreviated to V.C., is a latin term. The website wikipedia cites the definition of vi coactus as:\n\n\"constrained by force\". Used when forced to sign (\"or else ...\")\n\nPerhaps the most famous use of vi coactus when signing a document was that of Cornelius de Witt. Alexandre Dumas captured the event as follows:\n\nThe Grand Pensionary bowed before the will of his fellow citizens; Cornelius de Witt, however, was more obstinate, and notwithstanding all the threats of death from the Orangist rabble, who besieged him in his house at Dort, he stoutly refused to sign the act by which the office of Stadtholder was restored. Moved by the tears and entreaties of his wife, he at last complied, only adding to his signature the two letters V. C. (Vi Coactus), notifying thereby that he only yielded to force.\n\nThere is scant authoritative information regarding this term on the web. However, on the One Heaven Society of United Free States of Spirits website the following information is provided:\n\nThe Bar want you to sign as surety\n\nAt key points in a Court case, the Bar members want you to sign certain documents. Why? Because your signature is like your vocalized consent - it can be legally interpreted as your agreement to be surety for an obligation and to perform as well as to waive other rights.  \n\nDo you have to sign? No you don't. But in many cases, the Bar has designed a system so that if you don't it is interpreted as dishonor so that they can invoke their power of attorney powers to declare you delinquent, incompetent and send you to prison anyway.",
   "created_time": "2013-09-19T15:44:53+0000"
 }
