 {
   "id": "550918018277468",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_550101411692462",
   "from_name": "Chris Evan",
   "message": "I get there at 8:30 and they want to fill out some paper work. The guy (I think probation guy...???) asked me a bunch of questions and I told him he could refer to the Recognizance document I signed (I asked for a certified true copy there and he said he didn't have it).\n\nI go into the court room at 9:00 and see about 25 or so cases called ranging from Vacating a Restraining Order to OUI to not having money to pay a court fine.  The judge on everyone that he could said right away \"I issue a not guilty plea.\"  Wait....on one he asked how the guy wanted to plea and the guy said \"Guilty\".  All the rest he said ^.\n\nHe calls CHRISTOPHER SCHULTE.  I get to the podium and say \"Point of Order\", he interrupts me and says he will do the talking.  I continue and say \"I wish to reserve all rights, are there any objections?\"  He asked if I wanted an attorney and I said \"I will be presenting myself Sui Juris.\"  He said \"I am entering a not guilty plea.\"  I said \"Objection, that is a proceeding and I have questions that have to be answered before a plea can be entered.  I do not understand these proceedings unless the court can answer my questions.  Bailiff, please take this Affidavit of Truth.\"  Judge says \"I do not want to see them, we will have <something, I am not sure what he called it but some type of hearing or something> on <I think he said September 18, but I can't remember because I just got railroaded>. I am entering a plea of not guilty\"  I said \"Objection\" and had NOTHING. I looked around and was stunned.  I just got completely railroaded and I had no fucking clue how or what I was supposed to do now!  He said something to the effect of I must show up on that day.  \n\nI think that was it, but it is kinda jumbled.  If you think I missed any part of the ACT, ask and it might jog my memory.  I am fucking pissed at the freeDUMB stuff and pissed at myself for not properly preparing.  I studied and studied, but had NO practical or even practice application of this.",
   "created_time": "2013-08-20T16:01:47+0000"
 }
