 {
   "id": "550189971683606",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_550101411692462",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "Hey Chris! I'll throw my \"buck-o-five.\" \n\nFirst things first. What a drag you are dealing with this shit. I feel for you, and wish you well. \n\nSecondly, yes, you totally looked for it. Yes, you \"fucked-up\". SO WHAT? It is YOUR problem , not Chris's problem. So, send to \"hell\" any stupid feeling of \"guilt\" that  \"the system\" needs from the man. YOU CAUSED NO HARM TO ANY MAN. So fuck it! :D\n\nNow, if I was Chris, I SHALL not fear, because  EVERYTHING IS ABOUT SURETY, and ACCOUNTING. Don't get blinded by the flashing lights. The \"facts\" of what happened that night are just part of the \"busy work.\"   \n\nWhat I would do? Exactly what Scott Duncan has taught. NoM in for of an Affidavit, with the BC attached as an \"Exhibit\". VOID any/all summons, orders, citations, etc (with all the goodies like \"new Original\", etc). File at the Clerk's. Also, send certified copies of these docs registered mail to ALL parties. Once they receive it, that means ACCEPTANCE! (they have received PROPER NOTICE :D, and we all here at TTFL know what that means); CHRIS SHUTLE is in the CUSTODY of the Court. Now is THEIR SOLE responsibility, not Chris's.\n\nIf YOU signed anything while arrested/detained, the NoM asks for FORGIVENESS if \"I\" and/or ANY OTHER PARTIES have led the Court to believe that \"I\" am acting as SURETY. I would add to my NoM, if I was in your shoes, something along the lines of: \"If I and/or any documents bearing my signature/seal, have led the Court to believe that I am acting as SURETY for the LEGAL NAME in ANY matter, please forgive me.\" Something like that. Scott had given this particular example about \"signatures\" and surety, in some thread.\n\nOn another note, we learned from Derek Hill's situation (been it real, or not) one never attorns, and in any contract that is not COMPLETELY to OUR BENEFIT, we sign VOID. PERIOD! Why change YOUR mind? What were they going to do, shoot you in the head if you didn't sign like she said? \"Scared\" to be put in the \"cage\"? I think you kind of pussied-out a bit there. Don't bark, if you ain't going to bite! I don't mean it in a way to offend you. I just think you have the skin to take it, you have showed that here. You know what I mean. :D\n\nOnce again, I really wish you well Chris! Keep us posted. And  remember: keep your eyes on SURETY and ACCOUNTING. The rest is just voodoo-doodoo! :D\n\nPS: Jeff Rodgers is a cop. And stupid. :D",
   "created_time": "2013-08-19T03:47:28+0000"
 }
