 {
   "id": "565550156814254",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_480677688634835",
   "from_name": "Cara Small",
   "message": "Jeff. I don't \"own\" horses as much as I care for them. The same goes for any animal I share my life with. All the liability is mine and sometimes it comes with benefits. There are not very many places that allow horses to run free. When I have the chance I give them as much space as I can. I use my horse for transportation to and from work occasionally, gathering and hunting, visiting a friend, therapy, and I use them for logging and garden manure. Of course I don't \"need\" to, but I also don't \"need\" a computer, a car, money, chocolate, coffee, children, a phone, weed, sex, and many more things/relationships. I happen to enjoy it all. I also know a bit can be very harmful to a horse even unintentionally. That is why I have chosen to show/teach as many as are interested what you can accomplish with a horse without one. If you check my pics you will see the garden I built with Millie. I am not a vegetarian by ANY stretch of the imagination. My mouth waters when I see an animal and I am hungry. Yes, I would eat horse too. I am not fond of consuming animals that eat meat though (different taste). Scott, I was joking. I can't know what is best for anyone but myself. I thought you would have figured out by now that I am a \"not so smart\" ass. Although I haven't tried diving into a bucket of my own vomit, I do know from what experience I do have with my vomit that it would not be pleasurable for me. I also already have enough sexual experience to know that without your love I would not enjoy the pukesex (why I do enjoy it with my lover).",
   "created_time": "2013-09-28T17:35:03+0000"
 }
