 {
   "id": "481583175210953",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_480677688634835",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "message": "A girl on Dean's page contacted me during one of his shows on Monday, asked if i was in Toronto, if i could help her in court in a few days with a traffic-ticket. These Crown prosecutors like to say we cant give you legal-advice. He's holding the police-report. What about that i say. What about it? Theres a problem with the police-report. How so? The Complainant/Victim says on it- 'Toronto Police Services.' Yeah, so? So then, i pull-out of my jacket my Police Officers Manual 2000 of Criminal Offences and Criminal Law by Gary P. Rodrigues. Well, as i understand it, the definition of a complainant in this book, says that is a victim? Ummm, uh-huh, thats right. And the definition of a victim, is the one who suffered physical or emotional loss as a result of harm from the committed offence. At this point, his eyes start to widen as he sees where im going with this. Mmm-hmm... Ok, SO, you mean to tell me, that this petite-girl, as a result of her traffic-ticket, injured and harmed the WHHHHHHHHHOLE Toronto Police Services - all at ONCE? Or, did she somehow manage to harm them as a result of this traffic-ticket, incrementally, one at a time. Like, have they recovered yet? Are any of them still in the hospital - are they ALL still in the hospital?? At this point he tells me - Oh, uhh, you know what, dont worry about that its not really all that important. I BURST out laughing, yeah maybe to you, but to she it is, and, you're gonna be able to call the Toronto Police Services Board onto the stand to explain how she ended-up injuring them all at the SAME TIME? His attitude changed after that. Who did they fill-out as the Complainant/Victim? Thats Misrepresentation. Misrepresentation is Fraud. Misrepresentation on the witness-stand is perjury. All that was, was False Pretences. Eustace Mullins would say- \"Your Honour, we're here under False Pretences. Thats illegal. Itd be illegal to continue with these preceedings. Thats your remedy.(one of them)",
   "created_time": "2013-02-16T06:12:48+0000"
 }
