 {
   "id": "604458229590113",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_603734939662442",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "It was fun watching them on shore, trembling in impotent fury, knowing there was nothing they could legally do.\n\nThe police have made it clear that they intend to ignore the rules now. That means they are going to secure EVERYTHING, but first they have to take care of ME.\n\nI'm not a fucking Free-dumber. I know contracts are LAW, and I obey the law.\n\nThis means I have done nothing wrong. All I did was let them do what they do.\n\nI have everything that will lay it all out, step-by-step.\n\nI PAY all my debts. I PAY all my taxes, and I have NEVER breached a contract with intent. If I'm shown to have mistakenly breached a contract, I provide remedy.\n\nThe courts are associating ANYONE who knows the law with \"Freemen\".\n\nI knew it was all over, when I saw the fake transcripts. They have NEVER DARED do that to me. When the public record gets altered, and you can prove it... who do you go to?\n\nMartin Sutton got these transcripts. He then compared it to the videos and recordings, and it was obvious from the first line that it is a work of fiction.\n\nHe had declared that he would go through the criminal proceedings and swear out an information...\n\n...and he ran away. On THAT note: COWARDICE WILL NOT SERVE YOU.\n\nWhen you, or someone you love is marched off to a \"super-prison\" for a made-up \"crime\" like hurt feelings, all of what I have been saying will become VERY REAL to you.\n\nI say to you, here and now; IT'S TIME. NOW.\n\nThis isn't \"belief\". This is fact. You are running out of time, and it's time to fight back. HARD.\n\nI am going to light the fuse. They can't \"disappear\" me because too many people know who I am... but they have learned through Dean Clifford, that none of you can actually DO anything. Remember \"Clusterfuck To Victory\"? That's useless to me.\n\nThey WILL kill me in custody. They have no choice. I have done FAR more damage than ANY of you know. When that happens, and you want to do something about it, then honour my memory.\n\nHow?\n\nKILL THE CUCKOO BIRDS! Because they WILL kill your children to save theirs. They WILL take food from your children to feed theirs.\n\nIf they target YOU, then target the children that were raised off of YOUR labour. A \"Social Contract\" means nothing if you are the only one playing by the rules.\n\nHOW MUCH TIME MUST PASS BEFORE YOU CAN SEE THIS?\n\nThese things are true. It doesn't matter who says it. That truth WILL hit home sooner than you think. Read HISTORY. ACTUAL history, not \"Christian\" history. These \"revolutions\" happen over, and over again. The only difference THIS time is that you can communicate over the Internet. Communications USED to be in their hands. Now it's in yours. So you've been dumbed down, so you can't use it. \n\nThey will invent a reason to kill me. Don't \"believe\" what they say, and if you DO get convinced by these criminals and find out years later that you were duped, you will be told to \"leave the past behind\" when you speak up. If that happens, honour my memory by slitting your own throat. You owe the rest of those people who tried so hard to save you, that much, at least. Die like a Mafia Wife should; because that is what you are if you believe ANY crap they spew. You are just an enabler, and you should treat yourself as such.",
   "created_time": "2013-12-26T21:00:14+0000"
 }
