 {
   "id": "462493170453287_518654801503790",
   "created_time": "2013-05-29T23:16:54+0000",
   "updated_time": "2013-11-12T02:38:37+0000",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "from_id": "1.01539996628005E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "The history of SUMMARY JUDGMENT and/or SUMMARY CONVICTIONS courts explained by Dean Clifford on the Ben Lowrey show.....\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84TM19NZYlw\n\nIn this video with Ben Lowrey, Dean Clifford starts explaining at minute 2:10:\n\n\"I went back and started reading 200 year-old banking-manuals...and i discovered that what they called 'Summary Judgment,' or 'Summary Convictions,' back-in-the-day used to be called 'Summary Execution of Mercantile Instruments.' So they are SUMMARILY 'executing' what they claim are DEBT INSTRUMENTS against you. The problem is, the debt instruments dont exist and are not REAL because there is no DEBT. But we are not addressing this issue. We are going and pleading 'Guilty' or 'Not Guilty'...you can shut then \"THE CROWN,\" DOWN, in a SECOND, by asking them to clarify who they ARE. Because as soon as you clarify that its NOT 'Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth of the House of Windsor,' NOW its a corporation and they can ONLY enforce contracts against you. Now you ask for THE CONTRACT. No CONTRACT, no OBLIGATION. This is all based upon an IMPLIED contract that they CANNOT produce. And if they DID produce it? They would admit to the FRAUD that is being carried-out. Then they would admit, for example, that the Drivers' Licence is CONTRACTUAL in nature. If you dont have one then they cant CHARGE you. Because, then it would be clear that this is all based on CONSENT. So now when you get a ticket or a CHARGE against you, you contact THE CROWN and you say- \"Excuse me, i need to clarify exactly who YOU are. Are you representing Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth of the House of Windsor, or, are you representing HER MAJESTY IN RIGHT OF ENGLAND, which i believe to be a CROWN CORPORATION of the independant-nation of the inner-City of London, England? If that is the case, then i am sorry but i dont have a contract with you i believe you are mistaken. If you're claiming that there IS a contract in place, please produce it within the next 10 business days, otherwise we have NO further business together. Now, when they dont reply, you inform the courts of that. So, what are they going to say to that? They didnt reply, so you win by default-FUCK yeah, this corporation, THE CROWN CORPORATION known as HER MAJESTY IN RIGHT OF ENGLAND, has AGREED with me that we DONT have a contract. So they have NO jurisdiction to prosecute. So now your problem isnt with the COURTS, its with this entity called THE CROWN that you BELIEVED was an agent of Her Majesty The Queen, Elizabeth of the House of Windsor. If you look at ANY statute thats passed...does it EVER say, enacted by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth of the House of Windsor? Fuck NO, it does not. Because thats not who it is. HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN IN RIGHT OF ENGLAND...they are a number of sub-corporations of THE corporation which is the inner-city of London, which is the COMMERCIAL centre of the PLANET for their criminal enterprise. HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN IN RIGHT OF ENGLAND, IS THE CORPORATION OF LONDON, that is the name they go by...the sovereign-independent-nation of London.\"",
   "link": "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84TM19NZYlw",
   "name": "Dean Clifford & Ben Lowrey The Crown & The Court System 17th Aug 2011",
   "caption": "youtube.com",
   "description": "http://www.deanclifford.info",
   "source": "",
   "type": "link",
   "place": "None"
 }
