 {
   "id": "564054256963844",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_524698220899448",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "message": "Derek Moran: WHOA..... have i just figured-out that my/the Birth/Stock Certificate is waiting for me to claim as soon as i show them the RECEIPT my mommy and daddy were given for it 2 weeks after i was born? (Scott clicked Like on this)\n\nScott Duncan: Derek Moran RE:\"...as i show them the RECEIPT my mommy and daddy were given for it 2 weeks after i was born? \" - It's even simpler than that. A sworn affirmation is all you need. Who's to challenge it. 3 witnesses and/or notarized, and that pretty much covers YOUR obligation.\n\nDerek Moran: AFFIRMATION OF Derek Moran\n\nI am Derek Moran, and 42 years ago you guys gave my parents a Revenue Receipt for DEREK MORAN, to wit, i now claim it for Derek Moran.\n\n..simple that simple?\n\nPete Daoust: what rigths should I claim ????\n\nScott Duncan: The PERSON (DuuuH!)\n\nScott Duncan: The government is not a PERSON. You have a PERSON and YOU are responsible. You contracted with a TRUST, not a PERSON. The signature PROVES you UNDERSTAND.\n\nThere's ONLY ONE PERSON INVOLVED, YOURS!\n\nTHE PERSON (There IS only one in the transaction) is ALWAYS responsible.\n\nGOVERNMENT is a TRUST.\n\nScott Duncan: BIRTH CERTIFICATE = BILL OF LADING\n\nGlad I could help\n\nScott Duncan: Parents were the GRANTOR (one of the parties that created the bill of lading).\n\nListen up and pay attention.\n\nYOU ARE THE CARRIER!\n\nA Truck ACTING AS CARRIER is NOT \"120,000 RonCo Turnip Twaddlers\"!\n\nIT IS, IN FACT, A CARRIER THAT HAS \"120,000 RonCo Turnip Twaddlers\"!\n\nIt's delivering it to YOU (The Beneficiary). It just hasn't arrived yet.\n\nYou don't know that YOU own the CARGO. If you OWN the cargo you are transporting you are no longer in commerce. You are transporting PROPERTY.\n\nDerek Moran: OWN the cargo = TRANSPORTING, TRANSPORTING = no longer in commerce. . . . .CARRIERing cargo = engaged in commerce\n\nScott Duncan: The NAME is the CARGO, and the BIRTH CERTIFICATE is the BILL OF LADING. It's valueless on it's own. Hence the term \"Sold a bill of goods\".\n\nScott Duncan: You are letting the world know that the cargo is in fact YOURS. Nobody has the right to presume your cargo is for commerce now.\n\nScott Duncan: That is ALL a Lien is.\n\nCara Small Atherton: has the queen taken on the protector of the trusts and must make sure they answer?\n\nScott Duncan: No. the keeper is just the placeholder \"person\" for the trust.",
   "created_time": "2013-09-24T19:03:05+0000"
 }
