 {
   "id": "578273842208552",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_578235255545744",
   "from_name": "David Vilaca",
   "message": "Im no fan of violence either. I just see that the majority will lead this nation into a very hellish place simply because they want a peaceful resolution. They want to use a broken system to fix what is wrong. Not to long ago I was working with a food rights group, they had this plan to plant a food garden at Queens Park to show the legislators that our human right to quality food was not being respected by the current administrators. I convinced this group to place queens Park on notice. That notice was so powerful they called us into the security chamber to try and con us into believing that Queens Park would not allow any protest that could harm the dignity of these public officials and they would be protected by security at all cost. We basically told them to fuck themselves we would plant this garden regardless of the threat. 3 days later the notary who sent our notice received a letter from the Sargent at Arms asking that we do them a favor and not dig up the lawn when we plant our garden. We won the right to plant a symbolic garden on condition we place a tarp down. I saw straight through them, they knew we had placed a huge liability on them and they granted us our wish on condition. I was the only one in this group willing to stick a shovel in the ground. With all the good intent in the world to do what was right they choose to abide by the wishes of the legislators. I tried my best to get these peeps to plant a proper garden and allow the creeps in office to sink themselves, they choose to listen to the Sargent (an unelected officer) thus defeating our main goal of shaming the office of the Lieutenant Governor, the Premier and holding them to account to proper notice. These great folks with the best intent to further the highest ideals of the human family, caved and did what they were told to do. This is why I think that a few good acts of ultra violence on the right individuals will go a long way in correcting the others actions and force a re-evaluation of just whom the work for. I want a peaceful resolution to all that is wrong with this nation and section 60 of the Criminal Code is there for that purpose. The sad fact is Scott Duncan is right, we need to lop off some hands and heads before these cunts will start to fear those they hold an oath of office to.",
   "created_time": "2013-10-25T16:22:50+0000"
 }
