 {
   "id": "536002136435723",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_535980969771173",
   "from_name": "Chad Brodgesell",
   "message": "Mmmm, I AM,\n-A father of 5 children, 2 whom were taken from me and were denied their father.\n-A husband to my beautiful wife of over 20 years.\n-A man who is willing if necessary to die for the above.\n-A competent manual machinist in all fields.\n-A competent carpenter in all fields.\n-As to anything else regarding who am I? I do not know. I have not stepped there yet.\n.\nI WANT,\n-My children and Wife, the people around them and the people around them and so on to be able to live healthy and happy lives executing their freewill as they see fit without infringing upon others or others infringing upon them.\n-To end the cycle of people hurting their loved ones and themselves thru their own ignorance.\n-To hold accountable the ones who are placed into position of trust but then break that trust.\n\nWHY AM I HERE? At THE TENDER FOR LAW?\n-To learn THEIR system so I can affect change through assisting others so that they intern may assist others.\n-To see the world through their eyes/methods so that I HAVE an internal view as to the structure with the intent to remove and/or damage the one or two critical components that keep it running. \n\nWHAT IS MY VALUE?\n-Immediate family aside, my value is what others are willing to accept me for.\n\nMY SKILLS?\n-If it is mechanical and/or structural I can make it if tools and resources are at hand.\n-Ability to *see* the components layer of ideas/concepts though I may not understand them.\n-The rest of my skills? Where to start. Not going to, unless ask specifically.\n\nWHAT DO I HAVE TO OFFER?\nOthers here are more qualified then I am to know that.\nI do not think the group would suffer my absence if I was not here.\nNOTE.....I am surprised you asked. People love to talk and never get to the point. Or they love to circle the questions but never actually address it. Or they approach it from their point of view which will never really equate to others. Am I an Agent of the Government? No. I failed the psych test. Said I was not compatible with the requirements. That was 16 years ago. No I know it was because my IQ was to high. I AM how ever ALL FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT! Problem is we DO NOT have any LAW ENFORCEMENT.\nI have to get a keyboard for my thumbs. Off to put bandages on my blisters now.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-12T15:38:45+0000"
 }
