 {
   "id": "536058459763424",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_535980969771173",
   "from_name": "Terrica Lewis",
   "message": "Okay, welllllllll riddle me this... Since you took Physics 101 and seem to think that gives you a Omnipotent understanding of everything... How do you know what you've read in Physics 101 holds any value? How do you know that you know any thing? One thing I never do is beg, so you can politely do as you will because one thing I know for sure- is that I don't NEED Scott Duncan to learn anything or to dictate what is or is not real for my reality. I most definitely can get this knowledge the same way you did- with time and opportunity. If you're from those who program lies then who are you to be trusted? Obviously spirituality is ambiguous. Any argument created well enough can deceive any human being. Just because you don't feel your spirit does not mean it don't exist in me. ANd just because those of who you've \"come from\" fabricate lies about it doesn't mean anything to me. Who do you come from anyway? And if they programmed the lies what's up with their inconsistency that they would send you to deprogram them? SO TO SAVE YOU TIME WITH ANY FUCKING RESPONSE CONTAINING A FUCKING RESPONSE spirituality doesn't have anything to do with this- freedom does. I'm striving to break everything down to it's core, all the way down to why I eat \"breakfast\" - if you want to help with that then do so with out taking to insulting me because I'm a product of my environment and so are you- don't expect me to know what you do.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-12T19:17:42+0000"
 }
