 {
   "id": "536115029757767",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_535980969771173",
   "from_name": "Robert Cormier",
   "message": "I worked for the government. I was 17 and wanted to get a \"free\" education. So I decided to become an \"enlisted man\". I received my chef papers and left shortly thereafter. Who I am...I am me. I'm all ears. I'm waking up now and can never go back to sleep. I am here to learn and free myself from wrong thinking and valuing the wrong things. I was born and raised in downtown Toronto at Queen and Bathurst area. Living in K/W now. I became involved in politics after my girlfriend complained that I whined too much about government and told me either to do my best to change things (rather than whine), or keep my yap shut. I spent about 6 months examining my political belief and wrote a 27 page party platform. I registered the name for a party that I proposed with Elections Ontario in 1995. It was called the PUBLIC INTEREST Party (The PIPS). This lead me to become friends with the then current mayor of Kitchener who mentored me in politics amongst other things. This in turn lead me to Paul Hellyer (former Minister of Defense and former Deputy Prime Minister) who came out of retirement to speak against free trade and proposed to dramatically change Canada's economic system. He asked me to run for the party (The Canadian Action Party) in the next election which I did. In 2000 I was a candidate in the Kitchener Center riding in the federal election of that year. I was completely ignored in the local press, radio, television. I was kept out of debates etc. I managed to speak to about 900 - 1000 people, a few door to door, but, most of the exposure was in the form of two debates on local University campuses. I received 265 votes if memory serves which I was quite pleased with considering it represented about 27% of the people who heard my message. I want to be of value to those who are seeking to have the yoke of our culture lifted from them. I bring a variety of skill sets to the table. I am rambling, so I 'll stop here. If you want to know more, just ask. Thanks Scott Duncan.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-12T23:15:39+0000"
 }
