 {
   "id": "518618631507407",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_518597458176191",
   "from_name": "Gerry Cardinalli",
   "message": "Chris... here is what I do here in New Zealand... Cop pulls me over... get out of the car immediately and approach the cop, \"Did you witness me breach the peace in some way?'... Cop usually says something like.. \"This is a random warrant of fitness and registration check.\"... \"Ok, so you are operating a phishing exercise. Do you have a complainant that will state I have damaged them or their property?\" Usaul response \"Well no...\" .  \"Then you are at the limit of your jurisdiction. Please take out your notebook and record the following... 'I, Gerry of the Cardinalli family do not consent to enter a contract of security interest. Should you force me into one, it is under duress. I intend to persue you personally under full commercial liability as a result of your actions. I demand to see your Police ID. I demand your address details and the value of any property including your home that you own.\"\n\nThis is where they usually flip out. I offer them a copy of my Statement of Claim, Denial of Consent and Schedule of fees. They usually refuse to accept this. When they do I respond with \"I am offering you full disclosure. Please note in your notebook that you refused this. Any attempt to detain or arrest me outside your prescribed jurisdiction will now be treated as an unlawful infringement on my inalienable human rights.\"",
   "created_time": "2013-05-29T20:57:55+0000"
 }
