 {
   "id": "521624491206821",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_521202967915640",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "READ THE POSTS I SHARED. Since there is so much corruption in your court, then, do the NOTICE OF MISTAKE in form of an AFFIDAVIT, and attach the BC as an EXHIBIT, because they cannot deny SWORN TESTIMONY. Take at least 2 witnesses when doing the filing at the court. Ask for certified copies of what you filed. Then have the witnesses make an AFFIDAVIT being witness of putting the REAL MR. PHILIP into the custody of the court, and that they swear that there has been a mistake in which the MAN they personally know as Philip, has been mistaken as surety incorrectly. That they themselves went to put MR. PHILIP into the custody of the court, and that they are willing to testify under the pains and penalties of perjury about what they know, and did. File those to the court file, as well, and make certified copies. Send ALL these things via registered mail, to the judge, prosecutor, and the clerk of the court.\n\nI have used the NOTICE OF MISTAKE with success in both criminal, and civil cases. \n\nWhy do you get mad at good advice? I'm not just rambling here, I shared things of VALUE, 2 incredible posts, that you 2 evidently did not read/understood. You both asked for opinions: <<So...What do ya think?>> << If you have any better suggestions please let me know, I am open to any and all advice.>>\n\nPerhaps, since you guys know so much, the only question/comment I will make from now on, to YOU 2, is: What brand of cigarrettes do you smoke in jail, so I can mail you a pack? Perhaps menthol will do, since it takes away the taste of shit from your mouth.",
   "created_time": "2013-06-06T15:29:42+0000"
 }
