 {
   "id": "521612654541338",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_521202967915640",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "From what I have been able to read, ALL ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS CONCERNING YOUR CASE have been discussed AD NAUSEUM here. Scott even suggested you to do an AFFIDAVIT, and put the BC as an EXHIBIT, because they cannot deny SWORN TESTIMONY.\n\nPhilip, they are NOT looking for the MAN, they are looking for the 1st FOOL that jumps as SURETY for that LEGAL NAME. Is not the MAN that has \"to go to court\". It is YOUR BC that is required to appear. It's all about SURETY, and ACCOUNTING. \n\nThe NOTICE OF MISTAKE works, but YOU cannot say it works, because YOU DID NOT DEPOSITED THE BC IN THE COURT FILE. You sent a notice with NO VALUE, plus you lied, because you sent notice saying PHILIP was in custody of the court, that there is a BOND to settle the account, but there were none! You did not follow instructions. \n\n<< Are you suggesting that I just do not show up for court?>> If you place that BC, or at least a notarized copy of the BC on the court file (do an affidavit, and attach BC as exhhibit if they wont take the notice alone), and properly send the NOTICE OF MISTAKE, with the VOIDED order/ruling/sentencing/citation/summons to ALL pertinent parties, YOU DO NOT GO TO COURT. The MAN does not belong to court, unless like Scott, you take an Oath.\n\nJust re-read both posts I shared here before your last comment, Philip. ALL THE ANSWERS are there. Best of luck, 'cause you need it!",
   "created_time": "2013-06-06T14:53:42+0000"
 }
