 {
   "id": "521791694523434",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_521202967915640",
   "from_name": "Philip Laforet",
   "message": "I think Dean Kory has done a great job, he had his charge(s) stayed!!! Bravo!!  The fact that they went after him again is not his fault!!  Further, the fact that he is trying to make them pay for what they have done shows he has the biggest balls of all!!! In my case the cops picked me up, no warrant, threw me in jail, got an out of town crown out of town J.P. and an expert witness, just to try to keep me in jail until a trial.  The fact that I got OUT on my own, and a first attempt says something!  Also to the ones that say don't go to court, yet include what to say in court (point of order) is rather confusing!  Admit it, no one has the perfect solution, there are many factors at play in any courtroom drama.  Unless you have walked in our shoes, only support please, no one needs to hear what we could have, should have, would have done. Dean Clifford was slammed by some for his courtroom antics, but THEY FUCKING WORKED DIDN'T they? I can assure you the first clown attorney, or justice that tries to go against me will have a lien placed on their law licence so fast their head will spin!!  I am fed up with these fucking PUBLIC SERVANTS thinking they are the boss.  I am even sicker of the armchair quarterbacks, giving advice or snide comments!  What works in third world countries may or may not work here.  What works in Toronto may or may not work in Vancouver, But you have to try and at least support the people who do!!!",
   "created_time": "2013-06-06T23:57:44+0000"
 }
