 {
   "id": "521577467878190",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_521202967915640",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "Great \"invoice\", Dean. I will sell you a few tanks, and a battalion of soldiers, to help you enforce payment from your rapist. The same \"government\" that raped YOU, is the very same one YOU are asking \"remedy\" from? \n\nI am about to stop feeling bad for YOU, Dean, and Philip as well, because YOU are both in this group, yet your actions denote you have learned absolutely NOTHING from THE TENDER FOR LAW. \n\nHow can you send a NOTICE OF MISTAKE as a DEFENDANT, but at the same time your PERSON goes, and places a complaint as a PLAINTIFF with the JP? How can you use the NOTICE OF MISTAKE, and keep showing-up to the rapist house, over, and over, and over? \n\nDean, Scott Duncan made an entire post on what was that you were doing wrong, and what to do right. Who has that kind of luck? Then you go and say \"I owned the courtroom!\", but didn't do ANYTHING that was adviced to you. Then you put threats with pictures with guns, postings offering to shoot government officials if you feel \"unsafe\". Then you ask them to leave you alone. Then you send them an invoice. Talking about Stockholm Syndrome!\n\nThen here, Philip starts giving advice about shit he hasn't read about (LIENS), or if he has (which I doubt), he did not comprehend crap. Pulling shit out of his ass saying stuff like: <<I am new to this so....someone on this page just said lien the charges, no talk of invoices, statements etc. I suspect it is the same as a lien on the warrant.>> Philip is as lost as you. He says he has read things here, and is always promising \"authorities\" that he \"will show them\" who is the boss. He goes to court, doesn't follow Scott's advice, and then comes out from court like a skinned cat. \n\nI would HATE to be in your shoes, and under that stress you evidently are, Dean and/or Philip. We ALL know the \"system\" is corrupt. I don't want to cause harm by my comment. I am not trying to be a prick. But every post I see you make, every move I see you make, takes you closer to GOING TO JAIL. Plus you keep posting excellent sound bites here for your local media, that can easily be used to profile you as a dangerous crazy loony, and those reading/listening the media will be your \"jury trial\" \"peers\".\n\nDo yourself a favor, and READ SCOTT's post about YOU (same for Philip). The best of luck to you, Dean, cause you REALLY need luck after the mess you have, in part, helped create.\n\nWhy do I even take time to comment, to people I don't even know?  Because I am weak, and I care for people. Perhaps, that will be my downfall, caring to much about autistic semi-evolved chimps that have made it this far. YOU chimps are the ones that put people like me closer to JAIL/FEMA camp for doing absolutely nothing.\n\nYou want to insist in using PRIVATE CLUB HOUSE RULES, fine. Just remember: in the CLUB HOUSE if you ask for fire, you will get HELL!\n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/groups/tenderforlaw/permalink/518715888164348/",
   "created_time": "2013-06-06T13:04:09+0000"
 }
