 {
   "id": "675874415781827",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_675640545805214",
   "from_name": "David Vilaca",
   "message": "Hi Michael, I work for a union as well. Not one member will stand up against the CRA, in fact they hope I get destroyed by them. I don't fear these shit stains at all and tell them they are cowards for allowing their value to be used to kill people over seas and destroy their true potential here at home. A few have asked me how to avoid taxes and when I ask the simple question \"what is money\" or  \" this note is legal tender\"  what does that mean, they give a stupid answer. When I tell them money is a promise to pay and not money at all they loose interest. The union members in my local are conditioned to be wage slaves, they think $40 bucks an hr too good a wage to rock the boat. When I have had enough of the abuse and choose to leave there will be a few invoices served on the executive branch of my local. The union just took in 200 more member over the last 2 years, not because we have so much work we can't fill the call sheet, nope local # 1 told our local to get membership numbers up as they needed the revenue from dues. So now we have these 200 members under contract not to work for the competition who don't make the call sheet and have to pay 400 every quarter to maintain good standing. It was a revenue scam, the coffers were empty and the needed new members to top it up. These poor kids are really fucked, they get no work but hope to one day move to a position where they might make a call or 2 a week. I truly hate these people and will one day set the record straight via invoice for damages.",
   "created_time": "2014-06-03T10:10:47+0000"
 }
