 {
   "id": "663278230374779",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_646832168686052",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "OK: LISTEN UP! Regarding QUATLOOS - Pay Attention\nI see mention of various citations of your collective/individual idiocy; I dare say they are much NICER about it than I am. You might keep that in mind. They'll mention Menard, and Clifford, and some probably see my writing as a \"Guilty Pleasure\".\n\n...but they have NO CLUE what to make of me, so they are wisely QUIET about it, until they have the information they need to \"fill in the gaps\". They came to the right place! It turns out that I'm REALLY good at that shit!\n\nThis group must raise questions with them!\n\nThey \"Look for the Store\": Sound advice. It costs nothing to start a Blog. You don't need a fucking store to tell the truth...\n\n...but I am not selling anything.\n\nThey look for the discouragement of critical thought, and the introduction of some \"ancient\" or \"magic\" \"Knowledge\" and \"wisdom\" that ONLY I CAN TEACH!\n\n...seriously? Pete Daoust can teach with his own KNOWLEDGE. How hard can it be?  ...so I don't do any of THAT. In fact I DEMAND critical thought. These aren't LAWYERS. These are men an women who think EXACTLY like me. These are people who COME INTO THE DEBATE KNOWING THEY BELIEVE BULLSHIT! IT'S WHY THEY ARE CRITICAL THINKERS! THIS IS THE PEER REVIEW YOU WANT!\n\nTHESE ARE THE PEOPLE YOU WANT CHALLENGING ME! These people actually practice critical thought! As you may have seen, some are not very good at it, but the REST OF THEM ARE!\n\nLike it or not, anything you feel about me is STILL \"faith\" and \"belief\". You aren't qualified to \"trust\" yet. A select few have put in the work to be able to see how important this is. These are people who QUESTION. Get THEM to discover that the questions they ask are making people in power uncomfortable.\n\nI don't need to convince Tony \"Sounds-like-he's-got-a-dick-in-his-mouth\" Butros of anything. He wouldn't know critical thought if it slapped him in the face.\n\nWE ALL want to convince these guys. LET THEM COME. These are your future friends. They will be your teachers too. \n\nIt turns out they have a GROUP dedicated to Guru$! I think I'll join!\n\nTEN QUATLOOS ON THE NEWCOMER! :D\n\n...I think you should too. Just keep your fucking noise-holes shut.\n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/groups/441314415949645",
   "created_time": "2014-05-06T22:34:00+0000"
 }
