 {
   "id": "462493170453287_522515351117735",
   "created_time": "2013-06-08T20:09:31+0000",
   "updated_time": "2013-08-11T22:26:08+0000",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "from_id": "1.01539996628005E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "The 'Your BIRTH CERTIFICATE is PROOF to your CLAIM that YOU are there in the role of BENEFICIARY in a courtroom'- thread. . . . .originally posted by Eamonn O Brien\n\nEamonn O Brien: So is the BC proof of one's claim to the role of BENEFICIARY in a courtroom scenario?\n\nIf we appoint the JP ADMINISTRATOR can't he re-assign the role of beneficiary to the state?\n\nI may as well throw some questions out there that come to mind. The more I ask the clearer it will become, hopefully...\n\nScott Duncan: YES\n\nEamonn O Brien: So if there's a hearing set for a particular date and it's being held for the PERSON I'm authorised to represent, notification of the capacity/ies should be sent asap...? (Scott clicked Like on this)\n\nScott Duncan: Yes, and notify them that you are there as a \"Friend of the Court\". Not as Plaintiff or Defendant\"\n\nEamonn O Brien: So we possess the PERSON (control it) and they own it (legal title).\n\nWhen they conjure up offenses they try to place liability on us as surety/ ies.\n\nWhere does the SOLB come into play or is it necessary at all?\n\nScott Duncan: RE: \"If we appoint the JP ADMINISTRATOR can't he re-assign the role of beneficiary to the state?\" - No, because the STATE gave it no VALUE. YOU did. YOU get the benefit, not a state trust.\n\nEamonn O Brien: I give it value by acting as the living representative?\n\nScott Duncan: Ok, \"statement of live birth\"...is a statement.\n\n\"Fiona Munro want's to make porn with me\" ...is a statement.\n\nScott Duncan was born on February 31st 1966 ...is a STATEMENT.\n\nAll have equal value.\n\n...and have NOTHING to do with law.\n\nEamonn O Brien: Ok... Got ya. The BC is the only important document...\n\nSo registration of birth notifies the GOVERNMENT of another man/woman in the country. They then create the PERSON for us to use as beneficiary, they are surety and administrator is us also unless we wish to appoint someone else... Like when we write up our last will and testament, we appoint an executor....\n\nPete Daoust: They then create the PERSON for us to use as beneficiary: No, they want us to give it VALUE\n\nScott Duncan: THERE you go!\n\nScott Duncan: NAME attached to VESSEL. That's all it is.\n\nYOUR \"WILL\" is something to research for clarity. Remember, there are NO HOMONYMS IN LAW.\n\nScott Duncan: The record is EXPUNGED when the bankruptcy occurred. That is the \"protection\" the law offers.\n\nThey can just run this cycle forever.\n\nScott Duncan: A bankruptcy trustee must accept it. They have no obligation to.\n\nScott Duncan: You are also in the U.S. You have a slightly different status than the commonwealth.\n\nDerek Moran: bankruptcy trustee = Receiver General Rona Ambrose?\n\nScott Duncan: That's the one!\n\nTell her I said hi.\n\nScott Duncan: BIRTH CERTIFICATES are NOT FEDERAL\n\nScott Duncan: In either country.\n\nScott Duncan: CITIZENSHIP is FEDERAL\n\nDerek Moran: So who would've been 'THE COURT' that appointed Rona Ambrose as the Bankruptcy Trustee?\n\nScott Duncan: Derek, the government is who \"The Court\" appointed. The rest is just busy work..\n\nDerek Moran: 'The Court' = IMF ? (Scott clicked Like on this)\n\nScott Duncan: Fun Fact. Those born in Washington are NOT considered valid certificates. The Birth CERTIFICATE for The DISTRICT of COLUMBIA is actually considered a \"Coupon\" like a Chuck-e-Cheese ticket.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
