 {
   "id": "886608774708389",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_886597744709492",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "In 2016 I will give you all the money and power you can handle! ONE condition though:\n\nYou shut the fuck up, and do what you are told. This will form one of the capstones, of a lifetime's work. Lots of people will suddenly have money they didn't have before, but NONE of you are qualified to understand what all this is connected to, although I encourage you learning.\n\nWe've had MANY delays, and I have been hobbled by my oaths up to now; That is ending with the year.\n\nWe have had MANY setbacks, and it's hard to get people to work for free, no matter how dedicated you are to it, in principle...\n\n...but we did it. We are ACTUALLY changing EVERYTHING, and we are doing it in plain sight. Even our developers are taught on live systems, and if you look at any AQUILAE asset on the Internet, you will see live experiments running, if you are a regular visitor... it must be quite confusing for the cops and my other stalkers... Yes, I know you are there. I can SEE you as if you held up a fucking sign! Learn how proxies work, and what the X-Forwarded-For specification is. Seriously, it's just embarrassing; Like people thinking they can make themselves \"invisible\" by pouring \"Invisible ink\" on themselves, ala Wile E. Coyote.\n\n...I digress.\n\nWe are going to build a LEGAL CORPORATION, and you will OWN SHARES in it. As a BENEFIT, you will have Banking service, phone service, and a public blockchain bound to your share.\n\nIt will all run through VPN.\n\nHere's the kicker: It will be compatible with both Musk's and Zuckerberg's \"free\" internet crap. That will become very relevant next year.\n\nI'm tired of hearing of victims. I'm tired of not being able to help, and it's REALLY time to change that.\n\nI want YOU to be able to deliver it for me. I need AGENCY on land. I will be rolling this into the AQUILAE XKAM project. XKAM is something NONE of you know ANYTHING about, because it's one of the Navy's initiatives, and they are VERY good at keeping secrets.\n\nThis will provide the \"Pay you to use it\" services, we've been talking about, these past 3 years. We've had the design for the handsets complete for YEARS now. We are working on a \"rooted phone\" version so you can use your old phone to make back all the money you spent on it! :D\n\nWe are already sitting on a half-billion dollar war-chest and we are going to wage warfare with MONEY.",
   "created_time": "2015-09-29T20:44:39+0000"
 }
