 {
   "id": "698858576816744",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_698787713490497",
   "from_name": "Ceit Butler",
   "message": "Okay KnownAs Colin, I know I'm \"The Girl\", and all, but the \"when an Admin asks a question\" rule still applies. Save the hurt feelings for later (there's a form for that), and answer the questions. I am not just \"being mean\", or \"picking on you\", I am trying to make a point and you appear to be missing it.\n\nIt shouldn't be this hard, it's a point that Scott has made MANY times. It was even the subject of a recent article! Perhaps you'll recall: \n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/notes/scott-duncan/its-all-natural/975442759188863\n\nWhich says, specifically: \"Places like \"Natural News\" tend to point to an obscure blog or Fox News...and if they're really desperate, The Alex Jones Channel (If you can't support bullshit, point to yourself. :D  Alex Jones = \"Natural News\". Same company/owners ).  You see it doesn't matter if you're an expert in the field or not.  If you cannot reproduce the results, it's not science.\"\n\nThe fact that you cite Alex Jones means that you rely on BELIEF, trusting without evidence. The fact that you linked to dead sites shows that you don't bother with accurate research. I'd say that these are fairly serious issues, wouldn't you? And seeing as how this group is really about learning HOW TO THINK, wouldn't you want to be made aware of such things and discuss them, so as to ditch that particular piece of programming?\n\nAlso, just speaking for myself personally, in light of \"The Great Purge\" approaching, I think that I would be doing more thinking and giving less attitude if I was in your position.",
   "created_time": "2014-07-27T03:06:57+0000"
 }
