 {
   "id": "519720588063878",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_519002484802355",
   "from_name": "James Allan",
   "message": "The sad part is, is that this post is laden with terms like \"support\".  Wake up! Support has NOTHING to do with being a good parent.  It's about being there for you friggin children!  Caring for them, loving them, teaching them about this world that you have brought them into.  If ANY of you think your kids' best interest is about the other parent paying \"money\" then let me ask this question to those of you who have had decent parents in thier lives, \"what amount could I pay you to have never known your your mother or father or have memories of them in your life?\"  Think about it and then answer.  Every day family court relagates loving dads and moms (usually dads) to nothing more than a vistor or \"uncles\" to their children under the statutory guise of the \"child's best interest\".  Who, of the mother and father, usually makes more money?  Wake up people!  It's the best interest of profits under the guise of \"best interst of the  children\" and you have taken the bait and adopted their unfounded bullshit hook, line and sinker.  Dont you realize you've been brainwashed! Furthermore, the  term  \"support\" is completely foreign to the common law, which many of  you claim is your law.  So are the terms \"custody \" and \"access\".  Sorry, but  you cant suck and blow at the same time.  You are either a living man of the common law or a person of statute.",
   "created_time": "2013-06-01T19:49:57+0000"
 }
