 {
   "id": "759197717449496",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_758965950806006",
   "from_name": "Dino Disenfranchised",
   "message": "Anxiety is \"normal\" but in excess becomes a psychological disorder. Anxiety is not the same as fear, which is a response to a real or perceived immediate threat; whereas anxiety is the expectation of future threat.\n\nThis uncomfortable state is characteristically experienced during addressing an audience but can be overcome with practice and experience. \"Glossophobia\" is common in people because it deals in an uncommon action. There are extremes but most people can overcome it.\n\nIn this circumstance Eamonn O Brien, I can think of a few contributions to the EMOTIONS you felt. \n- Glossophobia, the fear of public speaking\n- Stress,  developed by anticipation with anxiety and rumination\n- Fear, of the court; outcome\n* Fight or Flight, involuntary response system to traumatic experiences \n\nFirst, emotions are an aid for the body to react to various stimuli. Emotions characterized as \"negative\" are survival mechanisms; anxiety, fear, anger, rage, etc.\n\nFears and stresses are \"normal\" but if they exceed the management of the psyche, trauma ensues. With an already heightened stress level, a trauma can easily trigger a \"fight or flight\" response which is basically a surge of hormones and chemicals; dopamine, adrenaline and cortisol, to name a few. Mannerisms depicting nervousness derive from this state and can be from drumming fingers to losing consciousness.\n\nSome who have been traumatised repetitiously or in extreme may develop a similar reaction in higher extreme called the \"Amygdala Hijack\" which is triggered even more easily. This is common in those diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, PTSD, though not limited to.\n\nIt is important to grasp the hierarchy of thought processes...\nFaced with something new, the mind must process all the information to come to a solution. After the solution has been found to be correct and used several times, it becomes \"second nature\" or \"automatic\", no longer required to be calculated each and every time.\n\nFamiliarizing yourself with the courtroom, practicing and with others who try to trip you up will help to overcome the situation. Check the link for more.\n\nhttps://www.mtholyoke.edu/acad/intrel/speech/anxiety.htm\n\nHope that helps. :D",
   "created_time": "2014-12-12T23:28:29+0000"
 }
