 {
   "id": "603531849682751",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_584226231613313",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "message": "Jane Cellars Could you file a complaint against the public servants' bond?\n\nScott Duncan Could you file a complaint against the public servants' bond?\"\n\nEr... What? Complaint? Who am I \"complaining\" to?\n\nScott Duncan You're going to complain to them? Do you have a contract with them? Are they causing you harm? Dunn and Bradstreet is a RATING agency (inter allia) and nothing else. they are brokers of data... why would you complain to them?\n\nJane Cellars How would you remove a public servants' bond?\n\nScott Duncan Lien it. Claim value from it. (You have to bill them first)\n\nBobis Youruncle: With a detailed bill and historical record established by invoicing and accounting by the creation of the fee for service bill, payable/ due upon receipt.\nYou establish a claim to the title of the property in question. If it is done through a trustee administrator\n( Much like we are assigned the duty of trustee to a Birth Certificate early in life).\nSurety resides with the creator, 100%.\nAll the value goes to the surety though the accounting of it.\nStarting with the implementation of proper notice by invoice.\n\nAnd of course if you have any other proper notices created, it would be advisable to send them with the bill.\n\nTerms and Conditions in Private = Law.\n( Public Notice = Tender for Law)\nBill = Joinder\nKnowledge of meanings and definitions essential.",
   "created_time": "2013-12-24T16:05:01+0000"
 }
