 {
   "id": "596286447073958",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_595173040518632",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "<<Scott Duncan I have been living on MY currency.\nWant to do business with ME? You pay me in MY currency, which I sell at a VERY reasonable rate.\n\nYour quandary isn't how to live without Fiat Currency. It's that you have no VALUE.>>\n\n<<Ok, let's put this in a context you have seen.\n\nCURRENCY EXCHANGES (That's all BANKS are)\n\nYou do not buy ANYTHING except CURRENCY with the Fiat Currency, (which is immediately sent to accounts:PAYABLE in Roguesupport Inc. to discharge external debts or to act as INVESTED CAPITOL). \n\nNow that you have BOUGHT the currency, you can pay me. \n\nI get paid up front.\n\nRoguesupport Inc. and Human Machines Inc. will gladly sell you some.\n\nYou do this everytime you go to a Fairground and buy tickets for the rides. You are doing EXACTLY the same thing.\n\nIt's ALL ACCOUNTING. NOTHING ELSE.>>\n\n<<You aren't even qualified to use my services. \n\nPeople should get remuneration for their service/value. I just don't want to attach a tender for law to my jurisdiction. So I only accept MY currency.\n\nI think you miss the EXCHANGE part if it... and don't EVER imply that I charge money for information again.\n\nEVER.\n\nIf you need communications networks, Enterprise networks, or just need a computer to do shit for you... That's what I do. Above all I am a COMPUTER SCIENTIST. That has value. You must pay for it in the currency I DECIDE. Don't like it, hire my *cough* Competition.\n\n...but I don't \"sell\" knowledge. As you can see, I don't even tolerate the vague inference that I may do such a thing.>>\n\n <<You are born into a world that is part of a closed banking system. That's the truth.\n\nIt was created by an elite commercial class in English Society in the 1500's. The US war of independence was to ESCAPE the closed banking system of the Commerce Class (The Nobility).\n\nIt started because the EAST INDIA CORPORATION was in trouble... and they were \"too big to fail\". Sound familiar?\n\nIt was engineered to be automated and self-maintaining, and it was designed to run in cycles.\n\nNothing before 1500 AD actually exists in commerce and is considered \"prehistory\".\n\nYou live in the end of one of those cycles.\n\nThat's it.>>\n\n<< I just showed you how to survive without Fiat currency. Create a person. That person acts as currency exchange.\n\nYOU only accept currency that is NOT fiat currency. If people want your servies/value, they have to BUY YOUR CURRENCY.\n\nThe reason YOU can't do that was mentioned earlier. YOU HAVE NO VALUE.\n\nInformation is NOT a commodity, it's a right. Selling information is fraud. Your \"time\" is NOT valuable in commerce. It just isn't, because you have nothing that anyone wants. That's why what I showed you went over your head.>>\n\n<<Ok.. step by step:\n\n1: Kill your PERSON. Stop contributing VALUE to it. Do not permit the government to attach a name to a man/woman that is derived from a public document.\n\n2: Incorporate or use an existing corporation.\n\n3: Charter the corporation to provide private currency for shareholders.\n\n4: Sell the currency.\n\n5: Profit.>>",
   "created_time": "2013-12-06T01:19:59+0000"
 }
