 {
   "id": "549319238437346",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_549182671784336",
   "from_name": "David Vilaca",
   "message": "the Manufacturers Certificate of Origin, thank you Bobby Sludds. My, as in my possession, I being the individual who can enjoy the singularly human right to own property alone. Pete Daoust, how does one prove they had this duty to disclose. I ask because 3 years ago I entered into an agreement to purchase a motorcycle. The warranty is coming to an end and I honored my end of the agreement, which was to bring it in for service every 10.000k. that agreement ends on Sept 12th and I'm due to bring it in for the 30.000k tune up on Monday. I plan to drop the bike off and not sign the service papers till pick up. The bill should be about a 1000.00 of which I will pay on condition. those conditions will be to provide, Manufacturers Certificate of Origin, an explanation as to why they sold me a product they do not have ( I lost the key and BMW said they could change the key code and invalidate the lost key, I found the key when spring cleaning, tried it in the ignition and it started the bike, had someone found the key and stole the bike, insurance would not cover it, this is fraud to sell a product they do not have) also the bill of sale only has my deposit of 2500.00 although I paid the balance, in full upon pick up. they must explain why I gave them 16.000.00 in cash and then turned my property over to public stores. I want my 16.000.00 dollars back or the Manufacturers Certificate of Origin.",
   "created_time": "2013-08-16T20:16:34+0000"
 }
