 {
   "id": "888256824543584",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_888166014552665",
   "from_name": "Tara Duncan",
   "message": "Simple, well-articulated, complex and profound.\n\nIt would be difficult to quantify the number of seemingly complex concepts that have been demystified for me by being provided with one or two simple sentences.  There is genius in making the complex accessible to the average person.  However, before you start lamenting I have special status or access, be aware that nothing I have heard has not been made available to you as well.\n\nWe have reached the point in our \"evolution\" where everything seems complex.  In fact we want everything to seem impossible to understand.  I might go as far as to say that ignorance is rewarded, and we frequently cower in some nameless fear when we even ponder finding out how things work.  In this country at least, our lives, relatively speaking, are so easy we find it necessary to deify processes, mechanisms, issues and information.  We actually seem to \"want\" everything to be intellectually unobtainable.  Thus, by inference, our lack of knowledge, success or accomplishment, appears somewhat justifiable.  Not everything is easy.  But with a little effort, most things that are knowable can be known.\n\nRegarding this article, I notice that of the people who have \"liked\" or commented, the \"friend\" count for those who allow it to be reported, is in excess of 3,000 souls.",
   "created_time": "2015-10-04T16:58:23+0000"
 }
