 {
   "id": "462493170453287_888166014552665",
   "created_time": "2015-10-04T11:14:14+0000",
   "updated_time": "2015-10-07T04:11:48+0000",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "from_id": "927379467328526",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "You Keep Bad Company - A TENDER FOR LAW EXCLUSIVE!\n\nA conversation sprung up this week on my timeline, and it has been buried.  You will find the thread Here  ->[https://www.facebook.com/roguesupport.scott/posts/1223275807738889?comment_id=1223290467737423].  This is the first of several examples I'm going to use in this particular article.\n\nBefore I do, I'm going to establish some facts that people still seem to have a difficult time accepting, the first and foremost being that I am not one of you.  I am demonstrably different and/or better than you in every measurable way, and I demonstrate it time, and time, again.  I think more efficiently than you; and I know more than you.  To be painfully clear, this is something I demonstrate time, and time, again.  A sizable percentage of you will think I am \"arrogant\" for writing this.  Whereas here in reality, my distinction from the rest of you is a demonstrable and unavoidable fact.  You'll be required to keep that fact in your head as you read this article.  \n\nIn the aforementioned example we have the pleasure of dealing with some input from \"Mike Friesen\".  This exchange came up when he mentioned that he was \"a personal friend\" of Dean Clifford.  You will notice in that exchange, that he feebly tries to justify just how duplicitous he is in regard to this \"personal friendship\".  The dialogue in which illustrates that I, as a complete stranger on the Internet, show more respect for Mister Friesen than this \"personal friend\". \n\n Here's where my inherent difference from all of you comes in. This word \"friend\" that people use -- I don't think it means what they think it means.  \n\nYou can always measure the decay of a society's integrity be examining the court system.  It starts with members of the LAW SOCIETY referring to other members as \"my friend\".  It gets used in day-to-day conversation as part of your job; and every time it's used as part of your job, it's a lie.  Lying repeatedly about friends diminishes the meaning of the word; until in the end it's virtually meaningless.  Of course Mr. Friesen thinks I'm somehow in the wrong for pointing out this reality.  I'm thankful I haven't wasted any personal time with Mr. Friesen.  \n\nThe same cannot be said for Gail Marie. I was recently making fun of her ideas/site here [https://www.facebook.com/roguesupport.scott/posts/1223275807738889]  Gail Marie has lots and lots of \"friends\".  All of them say I'm \"mean\".  While Gail, on the surface, agrees with everything I\"m saying, she appears to be too cowardly to say so to her friends.  Because she doesn't want to hurt her \"friends'\" feelings, she has decided that \"rational\" is too mean, and has embraced New Age Woo and Psycho-Babble.  I even did a post about it so we could make fun of it.  It also led to a comprehensive ban on the word \"quantum\" throughout the fleet.  (Seriously...what is it with that word?)  You pay a price at the best of times, when you use words that you demonstrably don't know the meaning of...especially if you say those words to me.  I DO know what the words mean, and I will call out anyone who misuses them.  Especially if there's money involved.  Legalese is a massive forest of redefined words.  Many of you have become victims of this situation.  So why do you attempt to diminish and redefine the word, \"friend\"?  I literally treat strangers better than their friends treat them.  I've shown you proof in this article.  People keep trying to \"friend\" me; and I have over 400 \"followers\" which presumably are the people who tried to \"friend\" me (who are now my stalkers), plus the two or three cops that are left watching me (you guys know you were hired because you're stupid, right?).  All of the above do so for their own reasons, and all because I dare tell the truth.  \n\nWhy aren't your friends doing that?  I'll tell you why.  You keep bad company.\n\nYou think wrong, and you value the wrong things.  This is why the majority is always wrong.  It's the core mechanism.  You are taught from childhood that thinking wrong is a virtue, and valuing the wrong things is your duty.  If the majority thinks this way, what possible chance can they have of even stumbling on the right answer?  \n\nI don't set standards that are too high.  It's just that your \"friends\" lower the bar.  When I refuse to accept your diminished, diluted version of friendship, you get hostile because I won't accept that your pretend friend is the same as a real friend...and you don't want to accept the ugly reality that you don't have any real friends.  \n\n...And that you don't know anything.  \n\nSo far in the short miserable time on earth, the only one that has actually told you the truth, is some weird stranger on the Internet who is addressed as Admiral, thus revealing the final truth.  You're on your own, and you know nothing; and the ones who have answers do not have time for you.  \n\nI'm nearing the end of my time here in the public.  I'm in the last ninety days.  After that, I owe nobody, and you're all on your own.  As I've stated for three years now: \n\nIt doesn't matter how much you've learned\nIt doesn't matter how good it makes you feel\nIt doesn't matter if I have \"changed your life\"\nIt doesn't matter if you're \"grateful\"\n\n...We're still not \"friends\".  \n\nWhen I'm gone, these \"friends\" of yours will be all you've got.   They will return the same amount of value as they did before you \"discovered\" me; and they are why we can never, ever, be friends.  You keep bad company.   When strangers on the Internet give you more value than those you call \"friend\", I suggest you step back and take stock of your life.  For, despite what the Piece-of-Shit Christians say, you don't get another life after this one.   You're here for a short time, and your insignificant life has no meaning.  That is life's meaning.  The meaning of life, is to give life meaning.  \n\nFriends and loved-ones give life meaning.  I know I have to explain that, because none of your friends or loved-ones appear to be anything but meaningless.   I've watched the world's population double in my lifetime, and I'll probably observe this again.  A child born today will more likely be exposed to \"friend\" in the context of Facebook than they will in real life.   \n\nI knew what the Internet would become in the 1980's, as nay-saying friends and family will sheepishly admit.   Nobody around me could see it.  Children born today will never know a world without it.  I honestly thought at the time that when the Internet reaches its 2.0 phase, it will have elevated humanity.  I remember as a child, seeing Star Trek, and looking forward to the time where ignorance was no longer valued --where we all set out collectively to know more than we did before, where everyone was welcomed, everyone belonged, and where everyone knew how the technology worked.   Well it didn't really work out that way, did it?    I spent a lifetime preparing for a glorious future that, thanks to all of you, is now doomed never to happen - at least not within my lifetime.  \n\nI had true friends in the 80's, and I don't think I valued them as much as I should have.  In 1989, if you wanted a computer to work, you had to know everything about it.   Our collective quest for understanding mirrored that of Star Trek, and look what the computer scientists have delivered.   You live in the best of times, and the worst of times.   Kind of like Germany in 1933.  Only this time you have technology that could single-handedly defeat the allies, the Nazis and the Japanese all at once.   Your cell phone contains more computational power than existed on the planet during  World War II.  World War II was a time that friends were what kept you alive, and I've seen it form bonds that lasted decades.  My grandfather's coffin was carried by myself, my father, and my grandfather's friends.  I could see the pain of loss in these aged men's faces, and I can't help but think that people from that time were made of sterner stuff than we are.   Because now \"friend\" seems to be something you ask for on Facebook.   Your \"friendship\" can be removed with a single mouse-click.  \n\nLook around at those you call friend, and ask yourself why you consider them your friend.   Material benefit does not count.  Rich people tend not to have friends for that very reason.  Those are the only friends they get.   So why are your friends, your friends?  \n\nI've spent a lifetime studying the human condition.  Myself, and a few real friends, have spent the last twenty years attempting to decompile the human brain.  It would terrify you how much we know.  We all want to know, collectively as friends, and individually, how our meatware works; and not through pseudo-science like psychiatry or psychology.  \n\nI'm talking about actual science.  Computer science.  \n\nAs I write this, we as a species, are capable of tracking every single neuron in the brain through magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and the latest smart phone is more powerful than the computer performing the calculations on an MRI machine.  Seriously, this shit's five years away from being an app on your phone.  As far as we know, the human brain is the most complex thing in the galaxy.   We really are at the top of the food chain; and yet we can't retain the value of \"friend\".  \n\nEverything I've told you these past three years is the truth.  None of it is hidden, and it is easily verified.  This means you don't get to pick-and-choose the parts you agree with.   In short, if you think I'm wrong, you're wrong.\n\nWhen you realize that, you will find that I do not forgive people intentionally being wrong.  It didn't matter if you \"sincerely believed it\".  You were shown it was wrong by the only one who tells you the truth, and you deliberately ignored it.   From that point on, you formed the intent to be wrong.; and that is not anything I am under any obligation to forgive.  The prodigal son is an example of injustice and hypocrisy, and part of the reason I refer to Piece-of-Shit Christians as \"Piece-of-Shit Christians\".  The Prodigal Son is a stupid story.  I have explained why it's a stupid story, and I guarantee there's at least one Piece-of-Shit Christian reading this and thinking, \"I agree with a lot of what Scott says...but not that\".   This doesn't make me less right.  It's teaching Piece-of-Shit Christians that betrayal is ok, as long as you're sorry for it; after which you are entitled to just as much as those who actually did the work, and didn't fuck anyone around.   Seriously, what kind of a diseased mind adopts that as a value system?   It's the same diseased minds that think it's perfectly normal to be an adult with an imaginary friend. \n\nYou don't get to cherry-pick what I say, but it's of no consequence to me if you think there's value in clinging to delusion.  It's your time that's being wasted - not mine.   Everyone who took the time to listen to everything that I say, and accept everything I say as the truth/facts, could see what's coming, and they became very, very rich in the process.  They haven't squandered their new-found wealth.  \n\nI find myself in an odd position.  I'm farther ahead than I expected to be.  I'm approaching the half-century mark.  I was forced into a career where the life expectancy of the average male was 27 years.  I did not do that myself.  I did it because I had friends.  I had people who love me.  And I had ME, and that is an asset NOBODY else has.  \n\nI think right, and I value the right things.   I sacrificed everything, and live in a cage of my own making, to pay a debt to those friends, and to those who love me.  To those people I say, remember \"the plan\"; love outlasts death.  \n\nYou people tried to sell me a concept of \"friend\" where the recipient would barely be affected if you were to die tomorrow.   \n\nThis has been a profound experience for me.  Don't get me wrong.  Using a technology that didn't exist twenty years ago (which I understand intimately), people outside my strange, dark world, have actually penetrated it in good, and bad, ways.  People know the name, Derek Moran, as much as they know the name Pete Daoust.  I mention those two names because those names represent the biggest failure, and biggest success (in that order), in THE TENDER FOR LAW.   Pete dedicated 18 months to not only studying what I say, but in fact verifying what I say.  He has a unique advantage because, being a native French speaker, he is forced to translate English words.  Conversely, Derek Moran, doesn't have to translate what I say, and he has become a toxic virus that spreads everywhere, prompting people to worship clubhouse rules for a club in which they are not members.  Cows don't work for Burger King.  They're the product.  The same is true with the legal system.   Derek Moran tries to get people to worship these clubhouse rules, and the club in question isn't even bothering to follow them anymore.   That brings me to the NOTICE part:\n\nMy CONTRACTS and DEBTS to the ATTORNEY GENERAL expire in 2016.  Any NOTICES I give must be given within 20 days of that expiry, and I think I'm well within that window.  I hereby NOTIFY the ATTORNEY GENERAL OF ONTARIO, and those AGENTS therein who dared call themselves \"friend\", that I owe no DEBT to you now, and my obligations expire within the end of the year.  You have forfeited all RIGHT to negotiation or CONSIDERATION, and are hereby ORDERED to settle all CLAIMS by AQUILAE and/or its TRUSTEES before January 1st, 2016.   Should these debts not be settled by January 1st, 2016, I hereby CLAIM THE RIGHT to PUBLICLY DISCLOSE any and all interaction with the GOVERNMENT OF CANADA and/or the GOVERNMENT OF ONTARIO by myself and/or JOHN SCOTT DUNCAN.   I hereby rescind any and all signatures binding myself and/or JOHN SCOTT DUNCAN to secrecy and/or non-disclosure.  I hereby CLAIM THE RIGHT to monetize any and all TESTIMONY regarding said obligations for non-disclosure and/or secrecy.   These terms are not open to negotiation.  \n\n...I digress.\n\nI wrote the above NOTICE because it's actually relevant to this.  I did a lot of great work, for a lot of the wrong things.  It wasted my 20's playing \"secret agent\", and all the while I was targeting the wrong people. People who could have helped.  I was very good at my job, because it turns out, the GOVERNMENT was smart enough to realize that I'd be too busy congratulating myself on how clever I was, to notice exactly what I was doing.  I ended up solving a lot of uncomfortable problems for them, and now you're paying the price.   For that, I can't be forgiven, but I can tell you the truth.  It doesn't matter if you like it.  It doesn't matter if you believe it; and in hindsight I realize I committed this horrible crime against you because I kept bad company.  \n\nSo like Ollie North I'm arming the Contras through ill-gotten gain (I even have the hot secretary), I consider my DEBT to all of you, PAID.  \n\nI expected at this point you'd be asking the right questions by now, but it seems I have VASTLY underestimated how much your ilk cherish your delusions and/or programming. \n\nBut even with that being true, I have demonstrably given you more than any \"friend\" ever did.   I don't have many friends, but the ones I do have I value, and they worked very hard for the title.   Can you say that about your \"friends\"?  \n\nTake a look at the company you're keeping.  Try to objectively analyze how your life would be affected if any of these \"friends\" were gone.   I'm mentioning this to show you what you've been robbed of, because what has been stolen from you by the LAW SOCIETY, is more than you're able to comprehend.   If I were to try to explain it to you, you wouldn't be able to understand it, because we don't have a common frame of reference.  I know the mechanism of your programming.  You don't.  You can't.  You ARE the program.  \n\nMore specifically you are the malware that robs you of actual thought.  You are the mechanism that tells you to value the wrong things, and it's as direct and invasive as robo-roach [https://youtu.be/EsrorUT_Svc]; and here is the irony - the roach is not capable of understanding that anything's happening to it.   Its brain simply lacks the complexity necessary to know the difference.  It doesn't experience \"mental trauma\", and with these wonderfully horrible products of computer science, you can literally \"drive a roach to death\". \n\nYou are NO different, in the Law Society's eyes.\n\n  I mention this because that's what your government wants for YOU; To be stupid, unaware, and valuing bullshit.\n\n They were doing just fine until this \"internet thing\" came up, and you were able to quickly exchange information.  As late as 1997, people were amazed that you could send an email half-way around the world for free.   Now it's \"officially\" a \"human right\".  You all take this amazing thing for granted.  Wars have trouble starting because information moves faster than the war machines.   This is something humanity has never had before; and allows me to stay somewhat relevant because I'm one of the few people left from the \"early days\" who knows what to do with all this shit, or how it all works.  \n\nStop keeping bad company.  They're killing you.  Stop accommodating delusion for the sake of \"friendship\".   \n\n...and stop pretending you weren't lied to.    Seriously, a stranger on the Internet should not be able to give you more value than your \"friend\".  \n\nTagged but can't talk? GOOD! You had your chance. Now you and your bullshit can just sit and read. Bullshit has no voice here.",
   "link": "https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1225254574207679&set=gm.888166014552665&type=3",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "photo",
   "place": "None"
 }
