 {
   "id": "647986351903967",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_647881341914468",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "I don't wish harm to Santos, and/or Dean. Yet, people have to see that if your guru is in jail, he CAN'T be a GURU! Much less for toll tickets. Is that so difficult to see? :/  And even still when some are acting in TRUST LAW, \"they\" are not following the Rule of Law, which MUST produce many other interrogatives (like about INVOLUNTARY SERVITUDE).\n\nThe problem is that Santos, like Menard et al.,  says some truth, but also many lies. He also has a problem with his \"positions\" : he says he has nothing to do with the person, but on the other hand he IS ACTING as IF he \"IS\", at least surety, for the person.  He said that acting as/for the person is FRAUD, and then he goes commit some FRAUD by acting.\n\nA \"reporter\" asked him the greatest question I heard, \"If you don't have any regard for them, why do you come in? Why do you entertain them?\"  http://youtu.be/sN1iKfSfihw?t=7m35s\n\nWhoever listens to this, will be as lost as before, even with this \"secret\" information he presents. \n\nThat is why I don't get excited, and/or emotional about this video, nor I will post it in my wall.  It's just a study video, for me. At the end of the day, people will STILL keep getting hurt when following what this kind of people say. They will \"run\" with it, and get hurt, and STILL remain blind. That's how I feel about this.",
   "created_time": "2014-04-02T18:59:02+0000"
 }
