 {
   "id": "821537641215503",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_714163491952919",
   "from_name": "David-Paul Sip",
   "message": "This Satoshi fellow is somewhat reclusive. Poor fella! To read this some will BELIEVE he is telling the truth...others will know that he is and will be able to prove it :D\n\nNewsweek issued a statement about this article on March 7, 2014\n\n*** Dorian Nakamoto's Statement Recieved on March 19, 2014:\n\nMy name is Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto. I am the subject of the Newsweekstory on Bitcoin. I am writing this statement to clear my name.\n\nI did not create, invent or otherwise work on Bitcoin. I unconditionally deny the Newsweek report.\n\nThe first time I heard the term \"bitcoin\" was from my son in mid-February 2014. After being contacted by a reporter, my son called me and used the word,which I had never before heard. Shortly thereafter, the reporter confronted me at my home. I called the police. I never consented to speak with the reporter. In an ensuing discussion with a reporter from the Associated Press, I called the technology \"bitcom.\"\n\nI was still unfamiliar with the term.My background is in engineering. I also have the ability to program. My most recent job was as an electrical engineer troubleshooting air traffic controlequipment for the FAA. I have no knowledge of nor have I ever worked on cryptography, peer to peer systems, or alternative currencies.\n\nI have not been able to find steady work as an engineer or programmer for ten years. I have worked as a laborer, polltaker, and substitute teacher. I discontinued my internet service in 2013 due to severe financial distress. I am trying to recover from prostate surgery in October 2012 and a stroke I suffered in October of 2013. My prospects for gainful employment has been harmed because of Newsweek's article.\n\nNewsweek's false report has been the source of a great deal of confusion and stress for myself, my 93-year old mother, my siblings, and their families. I offer my sincerest thanks to those people in the United States and around the world who have offered me their support. I have retained legal counsel. This will be our last public statement on this matter. I ask that you now respect our privacy.\n\nDorian Satoshi Nakamoto\n\nTemple City, California\n\nMarch 17, 2014\n\nhttp://www.newsweek.com/2014/03/14/face-behind-bitcoin-247957.html",
   "created_time": "2015-04-25T01:08:46+0000"
 }
