 {
   "id": "820385931330674",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_714163491952919",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Here's the thing, Chris; 2016 is around the corner and I need to up my game,as all of you PEOPLE are FAR too slow putting the pieces together.\n\nThe authorized rate for me telling the truth in 2016 is $480 dollars per hour, with a minimum 4 hours. \n\nPayable up front.\n\nPlease make Cheques, bank Drafts, and/or Money Orders out to Rogue Support Inc. IN TRUST.\n\nThis allows me to buy things for the fleet without AQUILAE oversight... like, first aid kits, life jackets, tools, Arduino-powered areal death robots, and things like that.\n\n...and you don't have a cunt, so that's about the only way you will get anything out of me next year.\n\nI gave you EVERYTHING you need. \n\nI'm invading the north coast of the mediterranean and nobody has noticed.\n\nI'm invading China, and they are LETTING me (Seriously! They totally don't care! It's not like I'm subtle, either!) only the chinese noticed (Do NOT underestimate the Chinese Elite!). \n\nThat's the shit you (might) know about. There's a shitload that you DON'T. That's not because I've hidden anything; It's just that you are incapable of grasping it (yet?) and I can't really discuss it without a common frame of reference.\n\nI spent three years in what was likely a failed venture here. I have built riches beyond your shockingly limited mind's capabilities.\n\nI'm changing everything, and I think I deserve to \"ring the register\". I've done my bit for Queen and Country, and I got shit on for my trouble. 2015 is where I tally up my final accounting, and on December 31st 2015 at midnight, I start the life I fucking earned.\n\nI will collect my debts... through AGENCY. :D",
   "created_time": "2015-04-22T03:13:52+0000"
 }
