 {
   "id": "563197760382827",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_561850927184177",
   "from_name": "Mick Parker",
   "message": "Pete & adam were the first i took a shine to. right back after i first joined  one of the irish lads had posted my court video, Maximiliano & I had a go at eachother & Adam stepped straight in to tell us that our ego's were unsettling others study & settled nothing, He was right  but it seemed like the tables reversed & adam assumed that role later, He rings me & if he makes it to ireland i'll greet him with open arms.Top Bloke!! However he has handled things badly imho. I spoke to him over Derek & told him let it go, it wasn't worth losing TFL, i suggested he talk to scott & drop things with Derek. Unfortunately thats not how it played out. Adam called scott out on another page as a liar. The next day pete appeals to scott to let him back in. If Adam wants back in it appears to me he would have to drop the dead donkey & appeal to scotts fair nature, This isn't a democracy & none of us can make representations on behalf of Adam. While i'm here, i only truly listen to scott, at the end, if i think scott is full of bollox, i'll move on, but i must hear him out before i can decide. I dont accept the BoE as extolled by Adam is a remedy... not the remedy i'm looking for.thats fine its just imho. That method as far as i can see fly's in the face of the purpose of this lesson. I suggested to Carl & Mo that we should hear Adam out, to consider what he's explaining but that doesn't mean we let everything we have learned here fly out the window. I can see many shortfalls in the BoE as remedy, thats just me, maybe Adam should create a BoE page where people can discuss the pro's & cons but i believe it has the ability to upset the lesson here.Its just a bit of respect lads :)",
   "created_time": "2013-09-22T16:23:05+0000"
 }
