 {
   "id": "889783544390912",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_888758267826773",
   "from_name": "August le Blanc",
   "message": "ahem... Point of Order works good,as recollection serves me, \n just don't fuck up like I did, \n\nWhat follows is an analysis of where I went wrong.\n\nsimply put:  talked myself into surety\n\n First thing that took place after approx 28 hours in custody upon first  meeting while kidnapped in front of Justice, Cop starts to Talk, I talk over him and say *point of order, I used my vocals to \"notice of mistake\" the Justice. a basic notice of mistake much like the one above and stood behind it verbally, The Justice listened , intently. and a previous assumption of surety, after the Point was heard. New Charges were attempted but no action was taken at that point in time, they stuck me in remand for unpaid restitution, now, time has been served and all these mistake are being corrected. \n\n   However, I was forced to have the crowns agents act to obtain release,  after that I gathered intelligence to see how they did things.\n Now we never ever, go quietly. Remember, They don't care.  \nAccounting and surety.  The agency now handles that...\n\nCrown Duty council, Lawyer, to me \" we do not use email it is too personal:\" Oddly the truth.. it keeps it private.\n\nThe last words uttered for the record by Justice...\n\nJustice: \" You better make sure you are all prepared at your next appearance\".\n\nMe: \"You Bet...\"\n Surety back at the Justice.\n\nSo as not to repeat these past blunders, I share these mistakes and what I learned, here, so maybe you will be able to get the fuck out of there, and  be safe at home.\n\nNow for me, An Agency handles all things ,Me does not go. The Person we have has accounted for it properly by the document of power of attorney.  Not magical parchments, This process means something to them, they believe it...\n\nWe, now appoint someone with a power of attorney, to act as agent. If forced to appear by kidnapping, no talky to police, Objections would be thrown in, as a rebuttal to bullshit. On all points.  Notice of Mistake. verbatim, unadulterated and pristine from memory, loudly ,Remember, silence is deadly.  Rebut any and  all points, object for the record over talk them. Void any forced bull shit. \nSurety and Accounting via agency of a privatley owned and operated person\nIf you can, find the humor of the act they put on, laugh at them. It throws them off. \nRebut any/all bullshit Brought up by bull shit butt pirates. ALL points.\nThese are some of the things, I have learned, that now lead me to be a crypto coin, Ethereum, Bitcoin, Name coin, Bobcoin, Doge etc.. Open source , de centralised, P2P...\nI was distracted by bullshit for a while.\nThey just do not care...",
   "created_time": "2015-10-08T23:31:00+0000"
 }
