 {
   "id": "516819681687302",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_516713408364596",
   "from_name": "Shawn Folkes",
   "message": "Well he lost ME at Alex Jones. I see that name I scroll on\n\nYall must be stupid if you dont know who Satan is.\nFuck ask Bobby Bouche's mom! Satan (pronounced SAITIN) is...the debble! Like women! All women are the debble!\nAnd gators are ornery cuz they gots all dem teeth and no tooth brush!\n\nNow all of you...go burn some candle in a pentagram and sing koombiya or some shit\nOr go to church\nEither way I dont give a rats ass about ANY of your beliefs or lack thereof...Alex Jones included. And Id appreciate it if none of you gave a fuck about mine.\n\nPete...if the assumption and 'myth' is that Satan is 'bad' and Jesus is 'good', if you were to 'meet' them (making them now real) are you suggesting that bad and evil will get more 'done' and 'fixed' than goodness? Example?\nWhats that say about US collectively?\nOr say what YOU think about the 'human condition'? \"according to some belief\"...wtf is THAT? And...\"ROCK\"? howso?\n\nSee, this is why I avoid all this bullshit...often shits said off the top of the head, following everyone, getting caught up in the herd, in the moment, not really THINKING about the LOGIC behind my smartassedness...and invariably saying some illogical nonsense. Or make implications I didnt intend because I didnt THINK before I shot off my mouth. Good to see Im not the only on who does this!",
   "created_time": "2013-05-25T13:23:52+0000"
 }
