 {
   "id": "577931095576160",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_577766258925977",
   "from_name": "Will Lawful Man",
   "message": "I have used the following to refuse five tickets totalling $2,990.00. I remember first, to keep the peace with my fellow man. When a Bonded Insurance Policy Enforcement Officer presumes to have the authority to issue a ticket in a name to which he or she is not the lawful holder in due course of, 'my name', I accept the presentment. It means nothing if I accept the ticket at roadside. I take the ticket to the post office within seventy two hours and refuse it. The way I refuse a ticket is this;\n\nI print in red ink, upwards left to right on the face of the ticket,\n\nRefused for Cause\nWithout Dishonour\nWithout Prejudice\nWithout Recourse\nNon Assumpsit\n\nI then have the postal clerk stamp the ticket, a copy of the stamped ticket(an original for my records) and the envelope. I then mail the ticket to the address on the back of the ticket for payment or dispute.\n\nThe stamp has the location of the post office and the date. I tell the clerk that I need a stamp so I can show later that I did send the document in on time and from where. How you deal with people has a great impact on the results you get from them. I convey the importance of their official stamp on an official document. It does not hurt to pander to people's egos. Telling the clerk that you want to be able to prove that 'This' document went into 'This' envelope and was witnessed by 'This' honest official goes a long way. The stamp indicates witness rather than agreement. The agreement happens when the Bonded Insurance Policy Enforcement Officer endorses (signs) the ticket.",
   "created_time": "2013-10-24T16:30:21+0000"
 }
