 {
   "id": "462493170453287_641832185852717",
   "created_time": "2014-03-22T15:00:27+0000",
   "updated_time": "2014-03-22T19:49:09+0000",
   "from_name": "David Vilaca",
   "from_id": "431342553693049",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "Wish I could share the shitstorm I am administrating but it's a private matter and I can only tell a story.\n\nLong ago a sorta good guy existed, he developed a way to share his good fortune with the public at large and eventually was Knighted by The Queen. this great impresario created an empire by throwing Turkeys at people during CHRISTMAS and contracting the best and brightest talent around.\n\nSo the sorta good guy who created an Empire and Knighted by Queen is dead and any Honor he obtained in this life died with him.\n\nForward to a month ago when I found a piece of paper addressed to the person I just so happen to be SOLE signing authority for. This piece of paper authorized another person (BIG WIG) to be surety and/or confiscate WAGES negotiated in good faith (they used weasel words).\n\nBIG WIG and the ONION (Organized Labor crying a lot) have a contract of which I am the beneficiary. I as a private man have no agreement with any other person for wage confiscation.\n\nBIG WIG and the ONION (a trust which the person is a beneficiary of) are very powerful ENTITIES with INTERNATIONAL RECOGNITION. oh well :) \n\nI decided to to ask a few questions of the payroll department at BIG WIG and the werent very forthcoming with answers. In fact they made some very serious claims and allegations and barred my from my rights. I made it very clear that the matter at hand was a private matter and that they should forward any remittances in their possession to the address on file.\n\nI asked if they had endorsed any papers on my behalf and they said yes and if I failed to earn enough to satisfy the alleged debt in that tax year they would apply to renew the CONTRACT. OK, so now I'm mad like a meme and inform payroll that I am sole signing authority for the name and any interference in my private affairs and signing on my behalf is cause for a bill.\n\nGuess the payroll dept felt that I was going to kill people in their office be cause they took this very private matter to the ONION and made it public. \n\nI guess they misunderstood my intent to hold any individual and/or to personto account if they continue to interfere with my only right.\n\nBIG WIG sent my person and the ONION HQ a letter and a pile of POLICY about workplace harassment. This letter is defamatory and a serious infringement upon my one and only right. They have destroyed my credibility by publicly stating they are only following the law (just like the nazi's) and that I may confront some one physically in their office. They failed to send an affidavit that I in fact threatened anyone physically or that there is even any evidence of work place harassment in my history and or file. \n\nWell I too have a policy and I could careless what the ONION and BIG WIG think. \n\nI know I still think wrong but fuck it, there is a war coming and I have an oath to protect the members of the ONION, I'm sure they will choose self destruction (conditioned to the bounty of over 40 debt notes to the hour and the apathy it creates) rather than be like the men and women that started the ONION (they cry a lot) 130 years ago. \n\nThe ONION is bankrupt and BIG WIG is flush with DOH, both will pay the price, one for breach of trust and the other for failing to abide by my policy.\n\nMy will is to not harm anyone, my will is to see damages repaired. None of this is my fault.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
