 {
   "id": "518788244823779",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_518715888164348",
   "from_name": "Thomas Aguon",
   "message": "he who makes the claim must prove it! lol, i never claimed to want to be a part of their club, nor did i say love the government or police, just those men and women who participate in them. forgive them for they not know what they do and learn how to work in harmony with them, but most importantly, learn their functions so that you can know how to use them for what they were created for. \n\nbeing that you did some time, i could understand your position with them. i as well did time in tent city, and 6 months in sheriff joes jail being held without bail (not that i wouldve taken it) because i was testing all those theories i learned about before going in and fighting my \" misdemeanor charges\" from 3 different cities (about 10 charges total, 1 felony for resisting arrest). i was thrown in the mental health unit for my views on their fake authority (in which youre naked on the concrete floor with not even a toilet to keep you warm), spent a month as a rule 11 which means not competent to understand proceedings, and even more shit they tried to scare me with. the thing was, the more i fought, the more they fought back, until finally at the end of it all, i said i was done fighting (although still not consenting to contracting with them) and i was released with only stupid fines (which i have not, and do not intend to pay), but only after they fucked with me more by taking me to prison for over a week (i wasnt supposed to go to prison) and put in maximum security which is 22.5 hours in the cell, 1 hour recreation, and 30 minutes for dinner. trust me, i know how you feel about them even though it wasnt years in prison and whatnot.\n\nyou must understand that those corporations posing as your government are overseen by the united nations. the purpose of them is to maintain peace between nations, and believe it or not, you are a nation. so when you fight with your government, courts, police, etc, youre entering international WARFARE under the laws of nations and acting as a belligerent under those laws and the lieber code (if youre in the US at least; not sure if other countries adopted it?) on your own FREE WILL. that grants your government permission to do what they do because ultimately, theyre trying to PEACEFULLY collect taxes from those they presume to be SURETY for a debt.\n\nso when you deliver your NOTICE OF MISTAKE, youre essentially asking for forgiveness and THEY MUST GRANT YOU IT. the rabbit hole goes MUCH deeper than you think my friend. hope this helps!",
   "created_time": "2013-05-30T09:09:16+0000"
 }
