 {
   "id": "519102314792372",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_518715888164348",
   "from_name": "Chad Brodgesell",
   "message": "Okay, outside into the fire pit with no ladder out.\n\nI have not the comprehension of 99% of the OP. After reading many times and attempting to grasp the entirety or at least the gist of the OP the following has surfaced;\n\n1) The only time Freedom will actually be attained is when everyone on the planet dies and I'm the only one left. Then I have to be everything to myself in order to survive. So in the end Freedom is just a rosy belief that makes me feel all warm and cuddly in my insane mind. True Freedom doesn't exist. Something/Someone will always be fighting for my time/ resources whatever.\n\n2) The \"\" SYSTEM \"\" as it stands now is the Titanic already breached and starting its decent into the cold killing waters. The people who started it, no not the Captain and Crew, The Owners/Shareholders of WhiteStar NEVER GOT ON THE BLOODY SHIP. The rats are left struggling to gain the upper hand over the one beside it thinking \"Hey, I'm in a better position then that guy\" Each will spend the rest of their life attempting to keep what they got at all costs even though the water is at ankle level. Sadly believing they alone will be safe.\n\n3) This one is simple, at least to my 2 brain cells running at full steam.\n--Never engage in ANY FORM of DISCUSSION (coming to terms of false comprehension as to the new terms of the Agreement that they will LEAD YOU INTO ACCEPTING) of coarse to their benefit and your loss. (Think about it, they just change the rules. YOU ARE IN THEIR COURT and they make the rules)\n-A good question to ask might be, as Scott says is \"What business is it of your's?\"\nJust rambling because I'm at a real keyboard and it's so nice to type with more then my thumbs. Have at it.",
   "created_time": "2013-05-31T02:57:55+0000"
 }
