 {
   "id": "755263314509603",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_518715888164348",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Ah yes, I recall.\n\nI must apologize, but these things aren't data I absorb. I ALWAYS forget what this group means to some of you. I barely recall mentioning it, and you guys think it's the most important thing in the world.\n\nLet me clear things up in my usual \"aggressive diplomacy\" I am so famous for:\n\n1) You will always be \"product\" to me. Always. You barely grasp the simplest things. You think WRONG. You value the WRONG THINGS. You are doomed to be beasts of burden. You woke up too late. Your CHILDREN, however, have a fighting chance. TELL THEM WHAT YOU HAVE LEARNED.\n\n2) This group is here as a venue where you may hear the TRUTH from one of the people who participated in this world's \"Legal\" framework, in a maintenance, and expansion capacity. I am not your friend. I have an agenda. That agenda requires me to tell the truth AT ALL COSTS. That agenda requires that I draw attention to myself, because of the position my colleagues have thrust me into. If they watch ME, they AREN'T watching my Captains!\n\n3) I spend most of my time collapsing the banking system and starting a war... LEGALLY AND LAWFULLY. You only see a TINY part of all the things I do to to make this happen.\n\nTHAT is reality. Remember it from my perspective, because that is what you are ALWAYS dealing with here.\n\nYou, knowing what is true, SERVES MY AGENDA. That's the ONLY reason you even know my name.\n\nI GET that what I say profoundly affects you. I GET that. What all of you don't get is that you are going through shit I went through at 9 years old! Nobody in AQUILAE gives a hot shit how profoundly their Admiral's words have changed YOUR life. You seek truth. Big fucking deal. Do you know how many AQUILAE trustees seek truth AND do something else incredible? You JUST seek truth!\n\n...you're fucking fired :P\n\nhttp://youtu.be/8Ur9Ps5lqmc",
   "created_time": "2014-12-03T22:19:56+0000"
 }
