 {
   "id": "695157560520179",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_695095810526354",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "<<Smart contracts are computer protocols that facilitate, verify, or enforce the negotiation or performance of a contract, or that obviate the need for a contractual clause. Smart contracts usually also have a user interface and often emulate the logic of contractual clauses. Proponents of smart contracts claim that many kinds of contractual clauses may thus be made partially or fully self-executing, self-enforcing, or both. Smart contracts aim to provide security superior to traditional contract law and to reduce other transaction costs associated with contracting.>>\n\nEamonn O Brien, by NO means I am an expert on ANYTHING, but let me give you what I understand so far.\n\nWhat if you, and me agree in a contract. You will perform certain service under certain terms and conditions, and we agree I will \"pay\" in Bitcoins. You will sell me a mining rig, for Bitcoins, and send it by mail.\n\nWe do not want any third parties, like forced government services, to interfere is one of us does not honour the contract. If you do not send the rig, I also do not want to be subject to other third parties, like Paypal etc, to be mediator in case any of us does not perform. We will use Ethereum code, in computers, instead.\n\nThe terms, and conditions may have a clause that says that if I sent the Bitcoins, and you do not send me the mining rig in so many days, the Bitcoins will automatically be returned to ME, plus whatever other, if any, application of the agreement. Partially or fully self-executing, self-enforcing, or both. \n\nNo complaints, no \"judge\", no attorney, no whining, no \"disputes,\" no paper, no banks, extremely cheap, no human resources involved, no extra time. Instantaneous \"remedy.\" All thru math, and computers. All in the same blockchain, decentralized, all verifiable by anyone. Now, that is just one very simple example of the smart contracts.\n\nIn terms of Law, and government, this can be seen in a more larger, but still simple example. Self executing laws, that neither the \"citizen,\" but now NOR the public official can escape. And the possibility of NOT honouring contracts will become... impossible, but I know it will also turn deadly for that kind of genetic profile.\n\nIf we know Money, and Law (which we are been given the opportunity), and understand how these will play out in a new crypto-world, we have a HUGE LEAD. \n\nInto what respects to the members of the Tender for Law, this is a way smart contracts may impact us, in reality.\n\n<<Anyway...over the next year, we shall be putting these pieces together.  We are all going to draft law in controlled environments (for this we will use Etherium Alpha)... \n\nWhen I'm done everyone will think right, and will value the right things, and if they don't a computer will make them.  Imagine making law that says you specifically must be left alone, and your government enforces it.  Imagine if everybody thinks right, and values the right things.  Natural Law will become written law, all on an exponential curve to evolve our species.  To evolve our societies, and above all, to evolve each and every PERSON.>>\n\nBut, I am no expert. These are simple examples. So, there is that.",
   "created_time": "2014-07-17T15:48:39+0000"
 }
