 {
   "id": "855311941171406",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_734033366632598",
   "from_name": "Chris Evan",
   "message": "see, \"pick up a gun\" is the appropriate advice (not legal advice).  Scotts been saying this for years now.....\n\nRefusal of the Sole Authorized Administrators offer is discharge of the obligation, legally...we know this.  But then they send an army after you.  There is really only one way to end it.  \n\nSome guy on a bench in a dress [read: private individual] has ordered his standing army to bring a person before him [YOU].  They refuse anything you send them without notice.  They are calling you a slave...it happened to me.  Guess what?  They think EVERYONE is one of their slaves.  They produce NOTHING of value.  They are worthless by every measure, yet here you are, being dragged to answer to them for something another man created and/or made up.  \n\nIn every war here in the States, the battles were fought over the legal titles.  This country was started on a claim to the Legal Titles.  The War of 1812 was in regards to a default on a lien of these Legal Titles.  The Civil War was in regards to a claim to Legal Titles.  (Then, as you can see, they then went around the world claiming everything...same as they are doing to your person right now)\n\nNow, you have some guy in a dress claiming rights to property held by the legal title that you happen to have AND you have already authorized giving it to them!!!!  Who is surety for this stupid thing?  Where is it?  Why is the surety being refused?",
   "created_time": "2015-07-16T12:20:00+0000"
 }
