 {
   "id": "656937777675491",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_655243544511581",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Focusing on what Adam is DEAD WRONG about: LEGALESE IS NOT ENGLISH! It is a COPYRIGHTED LANGUAGE like JAVA or FORTRAN.\n\nSince Adam is a borderline retard, he doesn't even know what LANGUAGE is. Just like he doesn't know what MONEY is.\n\nOh, and you can tell Adam, that I know more about his \"buck-o-five\" trick (that's all it is, and he's a one-trick pony) than he EVER will, and there is a reason I don't discuss it. That's the thing you will notice about the ignorant. They are always telling other what they \"don't know\".\n\nI have the OPPOSITE problem; I often reach the point of rage, because YOU DON'T KNOW YET, despite the herculean effort to dumb this shit down for you people. I could type PAGES of things you people don't know... but I don't. I get what I can out, as fast as and as efficiently as possible.\n\nThat's another thing; Adam is ALWAYS talking like he has some \"big secret\" regarding is one little \"trick\". He \"keeps it secret\" because that's all he has. I don't hide shit. I don't charge money (or anything else) for what I teach, and I teach A LOT. Funny how I never say \"it's a secret\" to ANY question.\n\nYes I am indisputably smarter, and more knowledgeable than the rest of you. The thing about people like that (Who are ACTUALLY more knowledgeable) is that they are CONSTANTLY TRYING TO CHANGE THAT!\n\nI'm not some \"super-brain\"; I'm what you SHOULD have been! I SHOULD be \"average\" at best. THAT is what was stolen from you. That's MY \"dirty little secret\". I'm a one-eyed Jack, in the land of the blind.",
   "created_time": "2014-04-22T13:52:43+0000"
 }
