 {
   "id": "615897138446222",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_515874461781824",
   "from_name": "Rob Johnson",
   "message": "Yes The Notary Public as I detail in my book is a JUDGE a COMMON LAW JUDGE ranked ABOVE a justice of the supreme court. The Realm of the notary is NEGOTIABLE INSTRUMENTS those that facilitate discussion a common law process. I explain the full realm of power and how to use it properly as I have done it myself. The Notary I used just a UPS store notary opened a file, held all my originals for collection, served them via certified mail return receipt and executed notice of protest for non acceptance. I now have what is known as a perfected and cured claim of right on file. I cannot be charged with ANY statutory infraction under ANY act without the existence of those elements that establish; standing, valid cause, corpus delicti, actual or justiciable controversy, and thus, jurisdiction. Those elements are, and there are 3, 1 ACTUAL damage or injury to person or property alleged under oath by a real party of interest. 2. ACTUAL violation of lawful rights alleged under oath by a real party of interest. 3. Redress ability of the court. The 3rd element here, CANNOT exist without 1 or both of the first two because jurisdiction actually means OATH TO SPEAK and OATH TO SPEAK is only conferred upon a court by transference. It is ONLY the oath of a complaining party sworn alleging harm that gives by transference this oath to a court. There is 1 other way a court gets jurisdiction, and this is how they get most people. It is through CONSENT given ignorantly when one claims in court to understand charges. Your right is to be informed of the cause and nature of the charges and proceedings against you but all they want to do is read the charge as if that informs you. If you claim to understand what you are doing is giving the court your consent to proceed. These matters are not even cases they are TRANSACTIONS OF SECURITY INTERESTS and they require YOUR CONSENT to proceed. Most people just have no idea what they are saying is what gives the court consent, and that your own ignorance in court is what will cause you to be harmed by the court which exists to SECURE YOUR RIGHTS",
   "created_time": "2014-01-23T22:54:06+0000"
 }
