 {
   "id": "842866435749290",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_842656495770284",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Let me bring down the banks and trigger a war, first. That will give me the necessary \"credit\" to present the REALLY scary shit...\n\n...because it sounds fucking insane without the proper context. You know... like when I said I would teach you how to make your own currency/bank! :D It sounds ridiculous at first. That is, until it doesn't.\n\nI am teaching you how to think and observe, using THEIR tools. I was trained to HUNT government workers. In my 20's I really BELIEVED that I was \"fighting the bad guys\", and in the end, I'd get my reward. In REALITY, I was hunting those developing a conscience, and those who were \"whistleblowers\" but didn't know it yet. For a decade I hunted these people and instructed who needed to be \"relieved\" of their duties, or \"silenced\".\n\nIt was all perfectly \"LEGAL\".\nIt was \"AUTHORISED\".\nI was \"Just doing my job\".\n\nThey really got their money's worth, when they bought me. Fun Fact: My Family thinks I spent those years \"In Jail\". True story! Go ask them! :D Then ask why I lasted 10 DAYS in jail, muchless TEN YEARS! I should have AT LEAST ONE \"Prison Tattoo\" if I've done that kind of time!  ...but people will believe anything the Government tells them.\n\nNo matter. I had a LIFE PLAN. Something you idiots will NEVER have. You are just along for the ride. Like it or not.\n\nThe NEXT ten years were PARADISE. \n\nI wanted to retire and play with my toys. Let the rest of you idiots slave and labour to destroy yourselves; I wanted to preserve and advance the BEST of what we are as a species. Computer Science was ALWAYS the answer. I wanted to do that.\n\nI moved to a place in an area nobody wanted to be, and built a communications conduit to the Bell Switching office about 500 yards away. With my future SECURED and technology 5 years ahead of everyone else, I figured I'd just coast into retirement. Y2K was supposed to be my Swan Song...\n\n...well the people who signed those agreements, are all replaced and/or dead. The current generation thinks it's OK to ignore my (AND YOURS, YOU IDIOTS!) rights simply because I don't have surety.\n\nThey will do the same to you. NEXT YEAR. IT'S COMING!",
   "created_time": "2015-06-16T18:39:20+0000"
 }
