 {
   "id": "462493170453287_973733402662592",
   "created_time": "2016-04-02T16:46:20+0000",
   "updated_time": "2016-06-16T13:38:22+0000",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "from_id": "1.02035927166068E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "It's slavery/theft season. I am about to continue verifying that my wife, and me, are considered some sort of slaves by our maids (public officials and law societies) with these income taxes. It's been over a year battling, and having thieves rob thousands of dollars forcibly from my wife's wages. I have been able to recoup a few grand, but still that has made me really angry, they kept most of it\n\nI may start publishing not only here, but in the Legal Section of the newspaper here, ALL and every instructions/notices sent to public officials which have never been carried out, and/or replied. I will inform them that their inaction has caused harm, and injury to my TRUST (marriage), besides violating many of the rights our person's have under the Puerto Rican Bill of Rights.\n\nAlso, I may give NOTICE that should they not follow the law (their rules), I intent to damage the security by placing a lien to the names in the State Department, give public notice of their hostile intentions toward the public, make step-by-step instructions on how discharge public debt (because it's our fucking person's RIGHT), and open a PUBLIC BENEFIT non-profit corporation the give back to the PUBLIC every LIEN I happen to place to ANY AGENCY, and/or AGENTS should they violated my PERSONS rights (I have mine, my wife, and my kids persons to ADMINISTRATE because... it's my right, so FUCK YOU!).\n\n<<ARTICLE II\nBILL OF RIGHTS\n\nSection 1. The dignity of the human being is inviolable.\n\nSection 7. The right to life, liberty and the enjoyment of property is recognized as a fundamental right of man. No person in Puerto Rico shall be denied the equal protection of the laws. \n\nSection 8. Every person has the right to the protection of law against abusive attacks on his honor, reputation and private or family life.\n\nSection 9. Private property shall not be taken or damaged for public use except upon payment of just compensation and in the manner provided by law. \n\nSection 12. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall exist except in the latter case as a punishment for crime after the accused has been duly convicted.\n\nSection 19. The foregoing enumeration of rights shall not be construed restrictively nor does it contemplate the exclusion of other rights not specifically mentioned which belong to the people in a democracy (Like the RIGHT TO THE SECURITY OF THE PERSON). The power of the Legislative Assembly to enact laws for the protection of the life, health and general welfare of the people shall likewise not be construed restrictively.\n\nSection 20. The Commonwealth also recognizes the existence of the following human rights:\n\nThe right of every person to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family, and especially to food, clothing, housing and medical care and necessary social services.>>\n\nPlease don't post/comment here until I place all scanned notices here. I am angry, and this time I WILL do everything in my power to fight the lies.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
