 {
   "id": "462493170453287_538239996211937",
   "created_time": "2013-07-18T02:42:48+0000",
   "updated_time": "2013-07-20T01:36:09+0000",
   "from_name": "Neil Rowe",
   "from_id": "853360158011508",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "Interesting. They can BS real good in the lower courts, but they have to admit thats what their doing when pressed. These are all supreme and federal court cases.\n\nHeres your New and improved licence to practice law\n\n1. THAT The practice of Law is an occupation of common right, the same being a secured liberty right. (Sims v. Aherns, 271 S.W. 720 (1925)) \n2. THAT No state may convert a secured liberty right into a privilege, issue a license and fee for it. (Murdock vs Pennsylvania 319 US 105 (1943)) \n3. THAT The practice of Law can not be licensed by any state/State.  (Schware v. Board of Examiners, 353 U.S. 238, 239 (1957)) \n4. THAT Should any state convert a secured liberty right into a privilege, charge a fee and issue a license for it, one may ignore the license and fee and engage in the exercise of the right with impunity. (Shuttlesworth vs City of Birmingham 373 U.S. 262 (1962))\n5. THAT \"Where rights secured by the Constitution are involved, there can be no rule making or legislation which would abrogate them.\" (Miranda v. Arizona 384 U.S. 436, 86 S. Ct. 1602, 16 L.Ed. 2d 694 (1966))\n6. THAT Should any state convert any right to work into a privilege, issue a license and charge a fee, the same is unconstitutional, void, and without effect in law. (Marburry vs Madison 5 US 137 (1803))\n7. THAT \"All acts of legislature apparently contrary to natural right and justice are, in our laws and must be in the nature of things, considered as void. The laws of nature are the laws of God; whose authority can be superseded by no power on earth. A legislature must not obstruct our obedience to him from whose punishments they cannot protect us. All human constitutions which contradict his laws, we are in conscience bound to disobey. Such have been the adjudications of our courts of justice.\" (Robin v. Hardaway, 1 Jefferson 109, 114 (1772)). \n8. THAT \"The Natural Liberty of man is to be free from any superior power on earth, and not to be under the will or legislative authority of man, but only to have the law of nature for his rule.\" \n- Samuel Adams\n9.      Litigants may be assisted by unlicensed layman during judicial proceedings (Brotherhood of Trainmen v. Virginia ex rel. Virginia State Bar 377 U.S. 1; Gideon v. Wainwright 372 U.S. 335; Argersinger v. Hamlin, Sheriff 407 U.S. 425). \"Each citizen acts as a private attorney general who 'takes on the mantel of sovereign' \" (Title 42 U.S.C. Sec. 1983, Wood v. Breier, 54 F.R.D. 7, 10-11 (E.D. Wis. 1972; Frankenhauser v. Rizzo, 59 F.R.D. 339 E.D. Pa. (1973). Members of groups who are competent nonlawyers can assist other members of the group achieve the goals of the group in court without being charged with \"Unauthorized practice of law.\" (NAACP v. Button 371 U.S. 415; United Mineworkers of America v. Gibbs 383 U.S. 715; and Johnson v. Avery 89 S. Ct. 747 (1969).",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
