 {
   "id": "462493170453287_497066750329262",
   "created_time": "2013-03-28T14:35:01+0000",
   "updated_time": "2016-06-03T02:03:24+0000",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "from_id": "927379467328526",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "HERE IT IS! THE OFFICIAL \"THE TENDER FOR LAW\" LEGAL DISCLAIMER.\n\nOBLIGATIONS OF RESPONSIBLE READING PARTY (that's YOU):\n\nBy reading or allowing others to read this disclaimer, Responsible    Reading Party (That's YOU again) agrees to be bound by the Agreement which, governs the reading of this disclaimer. \n\nAn equal opportunity disclaimer.    \n\nRead at your own risk. \n\nMust be 18 to read. \n\nThis Disclaimer does not necessarily reflect the thoughts or opinions of either myself, my friends, my mother and father, my cats, my lawyer, or anyone I know directly and/or indirectly.    \n\nDisclaimer is ribbed for your pleasure.\n\nInstructions are included.    \n\nNo preservatives added.    \n\nVoid where prohibited.    \n\nSome assembly required.    \n\nIf ingested, do not induce vomiting, and if symptoms persist, call your physician.    \n\nBatteries not included.     \n\nContents may settle during shipment.     \n\nUse only as directed.     \n\nDo not use while operating a motor vehicle or heavy equipment.    \n\nPostage will be paid by addressee.    \n\nSubject to HEALTH CANADA approval.    \n\nApply only to affected area.    \n\nDo not stamp.    \n\nKeep away from sunlight.    \n\nFor recreational use only.    \n\nDo not disturb.    \n\nFreshest if eaten before date on carton.    \n\nKeep large pets away from small children.    \n\nFor external use only.    \n\nIf rash, irritation, redness, or swelling develops, discontinue reading.    \n\nYou can quote me on that.    \n\nSubject to change without notice.    \n\nAction figures sold separately.    \n\nGI Joe with the Kung-Fu grip.    \n\nI'll start you out with a subject    \n\nTalk amongst yourselves.    \n\nDon't quote me on that.    \n\nNo postage necessary if mailed in Canada.    \n\nPlease remain seated until the ride has come to a complete stop.    \n\nNot applicable to Acts of GOD.    \n\nWait a minute, I AM GOD.    \n\nDon't quote me on anything.    \n\nBreaking seal constitutes acceptance of agreement.    \n\nNo salt, MSG, artificial color or flavoring added.    \n\nOS/2 is dead, Windows just plain sucks.    \n\nUnix is the way my child.    \n\nCall before you dig.    \n\nAs seen on TV.    \n\nYOU MUST CUT DOWN THE MIGHTIEST...    \n\nOne size fits all.    \n\nNew size,.0016 oz. Free!    \n\nLimit one-per-family please.    \n\nNo money down.    \n\nTREE IN THE FOREST WITH...    \n\nColors may fade.    \n\nWe have sent the forms which seem right for you.    \n\nSlippery when wet.    \n\nFor office use only.    \n\nA HERRING!!!    \n\nNot affiliated with the CIA, FBI or Hoover's girly clothes.    \n\nAvoid extreme temperatures and store in a cool dry place.    \n\nDrop in any mailbox.    \n\nEdited for television.    \n\nWhatever the question...I was out of town that day.    \n\nNot liable for damages arising from use or misuse.    \n\nPost office will not deliver without postage.    \n\nDo not place near a flammable or magnetic source.    \n\nList was current at time of printing.    \n\nReturn to sender, no forwarding order on file, unable to forward.    \n\nDanger, hazardous radiation.    \n\nAt participating locations only.    \n\nPenalty for private use.    \n\nSubstantial penalty for early withdrawal.    \n\nDo not write below this line.    \n\nWatch for falling rock.    \n\nI wish that rock would fall on Bob Rae!    \n\nPlace stamp here.    \n\nAvoid contact with skin.    \n\nSanitized for your protection.    \n\nPossible penalties for early withdrawal.    \n\nDo not place near a flammable or magnetic source.    \n\nBeware of gecko.    \n\nNo purchase necessary.    \n\nUse only in a well-ventilated area.    \n\nNo shirt, No shoes, No service.    \n\nI'm not wearing any underwear.    \n\nSome equipment shown is optional.    \n\nMy disclaimer is bigger than yours.    \n\nReader assumes full responsibility.    \n\nDon't take any wooden nickels.    \n\nRead only with proper ventilation.    \n\nNo solicitors.    \n\nSafety goggles may be required during use.    \n\nDon't eat yellow snow!    \n\nObjects in mirror may be closer than they appear.    \n\nFor a limited time only.    \n\nUnix is a registered trademark of AT&T    \n\nHelp society. Kill a Lawyer.\n\nDo not fold, spindle or mutilate.    \n\nWindows is a registered trademark of Microsoft.    \n\nPackage sold by weight, not volume.    \n\nAll rights reserved.     \n\nTerms are subject to change without notice.    \n\nSlow Children at play.    \n\nHand wash only.    \n\nSmoking this Disclaimer could be hazardous to your health.    \n\nTumble dry on low heat.    \n\nDo not remove this disclaimer under penalty of law.    \n\nDO NOT TRY THIS AT HOME! \n\n...there. I think that covers it. :D",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
