 {
   "id": "545676202134983",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_543640382338565",
   "from_name": "Brenda Larson",
   "message": "Well, Pete Daoust, my best laid plans got shot down today. I had full intentions and had affidavit ready to serve on Case Work Supervisor Cow, but she is on vacation till next Tuesday. So the next best thing was Josh Case Work Supervisor wannabe, but all the paper work was written up with the Cow's name on it. So I can do it again tomorrow. But as I was dropping off paper work to CPS office, get this they now have a short fat security woman sitting there. LOL I am 50+, but I could out run that bitch. Josh came back from lunch as I was getting my papers stamped and photocopied. He wanted to know if I had seen the kid. I just ignored him. Then I walked down to the courthouse and they had someone there already waiting so I sat down to wait my turn. My dear friend, RCMP staff sergeant Perry  came in and said Barb can I talk to you for a second. Right away I though of him taking a big crap, right away I wasn't nervous. LOL I didn't say anything. He said are you ignoring me? I said no, do I have to answer questions? Perry \" I know you might have read one of those little cards somewhere, don't talk to the police, and if your not under arrest make sure you are detained and all of those good things, but I gotta tell you right now, life's not like that. Life is more of a reality then stuff you read on the internet people preach. I think that you have been asked several times about your daughter by several police officers, if you have any information to volunteer, I think it would be worth while. Not interested? Not interested in giving a comment? In any way what so ever?\"",
   "created_time": "2013-08-06T18:47:49+0000"
 }
