 {
   "id": "545680808801189",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_543640382338565",
   "from_name": "Brenda Larson",
   "message": "He pulls out his handy recorder and starts saying\" it is 1:30 August 6, 2013 refusing to answer whether you are allowing us to come on your property to see if you daughter is there. Fair? No comment to that?\" silence \"All right\" and he turns and leaves. There is another guy there waiting to get some stuff done and he turns around says hi to Perry when he first gets there and then just stares in disbelief as I don't answer Perry's questions. I'm sure that what was going through his mind was are you nuts why aren't you answering his questions, what is wrong with you? -  After I got done what I needed to get done at the courthouse I went for a long walk,because I was sure that I was being followed. So I got into the car and I was almost home and then I heard a siren behind me.( I should have slammed on the brakes, now that would have been funny) And everything I knew about what to say and do went right out the window. I did remember to pull off on to private property which I did, and then the car followed me. I was hoping that some people that we knew were there, but only one broad was there. My favs were in the cop car, Rehill the one that questioned me Aug. 1 at the court house and Perry that I just been talked to before. Did I know that my license plate and vehicle didn't match? And where is my insurance and drivers license and registration for the vehicle. Told him I didn't have any of those things. Well then we have to tow the vehicle. I said why it is on private land? He said that I was operating on the highway and if I don't have insurance then it is to be towed. Plus I was trying to evade the police. LOL. Where is my registration. Don't have any. So this is stolen? I said why is it coming up stolen? I was trying to lock the keys in the car but he made sure that he was standing in the way and told me that I was obstructing a police officer. I finally got the car insurance out, he phoned it in, it all turned out to be legit, told me that I needed to go to the DMV and register the vehicle to the plate, asked me for my drivers license a couple of times and then just left. I think that they were hoping to find the kid in the car with me.",
   "created_time": "2013-08-06T19:08:12+0000"
 }
