 {
   "id": "512837605418843",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_512703188765618",
   "from_name": "Shawn Folkes",
   "message": "Keep in mind what this is all about ....controk, ans curtailing the freedom of information and free rhinking people....them implimenting more ways under false pretenses ti wradicate any opposirion, and to keep us controlled and subdued.\nLike Pierre said....WE are no good to them if EE are all dead. Its all them other places...the thirld worlds that they wanna keep down and basically eliminate. For many reasons. They want to control the world, and that means controlling populations and their growth, and controlling the information and freesom of movement (physically and intellectually) that passes amongst the people. You can monitor and brainwash them, and crontrol them thru rhe net, today's media mainstream and the info filtered thru it. They see its power, and ANY poeer...they must me in control of. So thats why they will NEVER STOP. And neither must we! \n\nI commend you all\nI will remember you and nod at you when we all meet....not as victors in the mount, but as warriors nailed on crucifixes  ...cuz thats where we wilk end uo if they win and start usibg the net ti hunt us all down....because wr are dangrrous....we have brains that have woken up and dont like the matrix we are in...we are zombies no more.\n\nCome get me. I am only one. We are many.\nWe MUST be ready to REVOLT. \nAnd I got a damn good idea how to do it. Sooner or later (when its too late maybe) someone's gonna get scared enough to turn some mens rea into actus rea",
   "created_time": "2013-05-14T04:48:36+0000"
 }
