 {
   "id": "968962946472971",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_968915776477688",
   "from_name": "Adam Thomas",
   "message": "I went to Court one day and a cop by the name of Blacksley, looked at me and said G'day Adam. I stopped and looked at him and said \"G'day mate, how do you know who I am?\" He said \"We know you very well Adam, we all know who you are\"  I had a cigarette with him and started chatting about how I came to learn about Law and he said that my Dad taught me a lot about the world as my Dad was a red beret in the british army. How he knew that has me stuffed but he seemed to know who my dad was and my dads background and history....He then told me to stop helping these people as it will not end good for me and to only help myself and to not look backwards in life and to think of my daughter Liberty, and how she would feel if something bad happened to her dad....athe conversation went on for a little bit longer and i then walked into the court foyer. I was at the court desk asking for information on who the clerk was that signed an order as i believe it was a ghost signature. I then turned and looked behind me and this Magistrate that i mouthed off to was standing in the foyer with his black cape on and was eyeballing me. I then approached him and asked him a few questions on the domestic violence t-shirts that were hanging around the walls in the court foyer. Well after that i went to where i was living in christmas hills and the next morning i went for an early morning swim and after my swim i noticed this plumbing van was tailgating me and i looked at the driver and it was the Magistrate that i seen in court the day before. The name of the van was \"Aquarius plumbing\". The Magistrate was driving whilst talking on his mobile phone which was in his right hand and his left hand he was smoking a cigarette and he did not have his hands on the steering wheel. I slammed on my brakes and strangely he did not run into me as i was hoping he would have. I then gave him the finger and got the fuck out of town real quick and i headed for the hills. Well two days later i was waiting for my daughter at Mcdonalds in Diamond Creek and my car was facing a shop named tyrepower and then as if on que this exact same Magistrate pulled into Tyrepower and got out of his car and stopped and stared at me from across the road. He then bent over and started tying up his shoe laces and as he was lacing up his left shoe he turned and looked at me over his left shoulder and then motioned with his head to come into tyrepower. I got out of my car and walked into tyrepower where he was waiting for me. I said to him \"How are you today sir?\". He glared at me and asked me a weird question which was \"Are you associated with any bikie gangs?\". I told him no and he made mention of my shirt that i was wearing which had a picture of Che Geuvera with the colour black on the top half and red on the bottom half. Black above red in the colour of the Hell's Angels. He then said that by wearing those types of shirts you'll be recognised as being associated with bikie gangs. I told him that i have known some people that have associated with some bike clubs but i do not associate and never will associate with them. That was a lie. Where i was living at the time was right next door to the first treasurer of the Hell's Angels here in Australia. I grew up with his boys back in the days and his eldest is now President of the club. It was a very confusing and traumatic period in my life. I do sincerely and humbly apologise for any harm that i have caused you Admiral Scott Duncan Sir. I do not wish you harm. My intent is to learn from the most intelligent Man i know. Again I apologise to you Admiral Scott Duncan. I am sorry Sir.",
   "created_time": "2016-03-27T23:59:54+0000"
 }
