 {
   "id": "624812077554728",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_624177934284809",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Chris Thornton... Oh Chris.   *sigh*\n\nI think it's time we had \"The talk\". :/\n\nBeing The Admiral has its burdens. It's a BESTOWED title, and is based on TRUST. Some of those bestowers have been and/or are, in fact, PRETTY, SMART WOMEN... Who want to do things with/to me that would make most seasoned porn stars blush... (Happy Coincidence)\n\nI mention this, because you seem to be in dire need of expert advice in the fine art of catching/holding the attention of PRETTY, SMART WOMEN... a subject I am CLEARLY well versed in. You see, it's all about balance; If Lana Dukakis heard jeering 20 times a day from men saying \"Look at the fucking huge brain on her\", she might think to herself, \" Once, JUST ONCE, I wish some guy would offer to cum on my face, instead of trying to steal my weekly reading-list\"...\n\n...but it doesn't work that way. Here's 1000 BTC worth of free advice:\n\nPretty and Smart women, when blessed with BOTH traits, know early on that the \"pretty\" part is nothing they can take any credit for.\n\nBy 21, they only want to hear it from those they care about. To the rest of the world it's, \"Yes, I'm pretty. I KNOW. I'm REALLY sorry I made your dick hard. Fuck you very much\".\n\nThe only reason she doesn't SAY it, is because you are male, and too stupid to even grasp why it might annoy her to draw attention to her \"prettiness\" (I won't even touch on the problems WOMEN have with \"pretty AND smart\" women. INSTANTLY threatened, because they think \"pretty\" is an \"advantage\") .\n\nBONUS PROTIP: The reason Pretty and Smart women seem like such a rare combination to you, is that they probably just don't want to talk to you, unless you meet the same criteria...and BRAIN wins in that exchange... and size doesn't matter. :D Just like with sex ;)",
   "created_time": "2014-02-14T08:31:55+0000"
 }
