 {
   "id": "603538329682103",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_588498674519402",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "message": "Scott Duncan In commerce. You didn't make the computer you are posting to this group on. You BOUGHT it. You ACCEPTED A TENDER FOR LAW when you did.\n\nScott Duncan Have you watched MONEY AS DEBT 3?\nThat IS required viewing.\nIf you don't grasp money after that, you are too stupid to live and you should kill yourself.\n\nScott Duncan BitCoin is NOT \"legal tender\", it's CURRENCY.\nCurrency is MONEY. MONEY is \"ILLEGAL\".\n\nRon Ladd Forgive me for being a bit simple, Scott Duncan. Am I correct in understanding that money is illegal as 97% of money does not exist in a physical form?\n\nScott Duncan Ron Ladd: You are correct.\n\nThe 97% you refer to, is MONEY OF ACCOUNT, and it can ONLY buy OTHER MONEY OF ACCOUNT.\n\nRon Ladd Scott Duncan, is currency legal because it exists currently, as in here and now, complete with writings(legislated) and money of account illegal because it is not here and now and can't have any writings?\n\nScott Duncan LEGAL = Acts and statutes enacted by Parliament/Congress with the force of law, and the consent of the GOVERNED.\n\nAnything they say is legal, is legal. IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU UNLESS YOU ARE GOVERNED!\n\nPierre Eleveneightfivetwo and the consent of the GOVERNED!\n\nScott Duncan Clear enough Ron?\n\nHitler did EVERYTHING \"Legally\".\nIn fact he was quite the \"by-the-book\" stickler. He made sure all the cattle was accounted for.\n\nThose Jews with the star of david sewn into their sleeves? THEY SEWED THEM IN THEMSELVES because they wanted to be \"legal\" too!",
   "created_time": "2013-12-24T16:29:13+0000"
 }
