 {
   "id": "462493170453287_544641278905142",
   "created_time": "2013-08-04T01:31:51+0000",
   "updated_time": "2013-08-04T15:20:33+0000",
   "from_name": "Fred Palmer",
   "from_id": "1.01523902665191E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "BLACK TRIANGLE CAMPAIGN \n\n Everywhere in the Commonwealth the same thing happens. In Canada We have probably the most discriminatory legislation involving \"injured workers\". While everyone believes Canadians enjoy a high level of health care there is one group excluded from the Canada Health Act. While touted as being inclusive of all Canadians, injured workers are discriminated against and excluded if they accept Workers Compensation Insurance. To add further discrimination each Province of Canada removes an injured workers legal rights. How can any seriously injured person get well and back to work at something if they are denied all benefits and actually become sicker because of the medical neglect? Welfare and charities only provide very basic needs and sometimes not even enough for food or heat and light. Good honest, decent, hardworking, men and women having numerous insurance frauds committed against them that literally kills them. In Canada these agencies are disobeying a direct Order of the Supreme Court of Canada to compensate financially and medically for Chronic Pain caused by injuries. Forced into poverty and losing all they worked for, suffering unbearable pain, rights taken and subsequent psychological abuse, many injured workers commit suicide. Others die of heart attack, stroke, or ulcers bought on by Chronic Pain. This is happening in every workers compensation system. I call it genocide. Eugenics of the unfit, disabled. Everything mankind has fought against for thousands of years. Inequality and injustice kills us. The responsible party causing so much harm is the Crown. It is they who are supposed to protect the people from criminal insurance gangs cutting off medical and financial aid to seriously sick or injured people. It is they who allow, condone, permit, these bad faith insurance practices to happen. We are dealing with an International crime syndicate responsible for the murders of 100's of 1,000's of individuals they have deemed as \"disabled\". Once they have that evidence, the appeals and abuses start. As a matter of fact the Workers Compensation Board of Ontario, Canada, has declared me dead and have cut off my disability pension now for over a year. All I can say to that is; 'Don't you think I type quite eloquently for a dead man?\" Rise up \"injured workers\" everywhere in the Commonwealth. Demand your basic rights to justice be enforced and demand the investigation, arrest, and prosecution of those responsible for these crimes against humanity. Demand the bonus system which is obtained illegal money taken as a percentage of denied serious injury claims be abolished. no more cutting off injured workers medications and therapies to obtain a bonus! Go to my site on Youtube. Watch my videos about 9/11 first Responders in America and their horrendous mistreatment. The Gulf Oil Spill victims, and many more. Are you a victim of 'compensation abuse\"? Are you being neglected and abused and tortured with untreated Chronic Pain? Are you V.O.C.A.L. (Victims Of Compensation Abuse League) Keep speaking. Tell the world. Warn them.",
   "link": "http://blacktrianglecampaign.org/2012/10/04/10600-sick-disabled-people-died-last-year-within-six-weeks-of-their-claim-ending/",
   "name": "10,600 sick & disabled people died last year within six weeks of their claim ending",
   "caption": "blacktrianglecampaign.org",
   "description": "@blacktriangle1 Subject: Incapacity Benefits: Deaths of recipients (July, 2012 statistical release) See: http://statistics.dwp.gov.uk/asd/asd1/adhoc_analysis/2012/incap_decd_recips_0712.Read more...",
   "source": "",
   "type": "link",
   "place": "None"
 }
