 {
   "id": "533461066689830",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_533062686729668",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "EVERYONE got it right! Where does the Free-Dumb Fuckwit think the INTEREST is accounted for?\n\nBanks are required to HOLD BACK the funds for taxation purposes. What account to they attach it to again? :D\n\nBanks are very clear on this. Now... we COULD ask a bank OFFICER, but Tara is busy at the moment.\n\n...and that is the PRIMARY reason he was banned. Tara Duncan is a 20 year Officer at a bank. I won't say WHICH bank... but they go by the initials CIBC. To say he's right, would be to say Tara is wrong, and inept at her job.\n\nI really wish I COULD watch the little twit in court. He's commiting FRAUD while pretending to be a \"peace officer\"...for British Colombia. REALLY? He's REALLY going claiming BC commissioned him?\n\nIf not, then he's using a copyrighted and LEGAL seal and CLAIMING he's a commissioned Peace officer.\n\nYou can't take the Wal-Mart Logo to the head office of Wal-Mart and claim to be an employee. It's fraud. The stupid little fuck doesn't seem to grasp that.\n\nIf YOU don't want to be a stupid little fuck like Free-Dumb Fuckwit \"Alexander Ream\", learn the difference between PATENT, COPYRIGHT, and COPYHOLDER.\n\nWatch him go down :D\n\nHell I'm nobility! TECHNICALLY I could Prosecute this case. If the Province of BC foots the bill, I'd do it just to show the little twit what a stipid idea it is to call Tara a liar. That's what he's doing by claiming he has a bank account without a SIN (He said \"Social Security\" which is American, but pointing out ALL the things this dumb fuck says, that is wrong, here in reality, will keep me here all night). :D",
   "created_time": "2013-07-06T02:54:50+0000"
 }
