 {
   "id": "574615642574372",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_574435425925727",
   "from_name": "Romley Stewart",
   "message": "same is happening in Australia but be careful of their maxim too! he who enters the court assumes confirmation of the person that they have charged. I never enter the court and if they arrest me, the presumption that my body is the person being charged becomes their presumption and no longer your presumption, rendering them the one that accepts commercial liability for what they assume. (Their mistake) Take a good look at the meaning of: DATE Re: Date of birth, because Date of Birth is the date the trust was Registered, not the date you were born! there was a trust created on the date you were born, but that is the one that expired when you hit 21. and you get the \"Key\" to \"Life\" but they didn't tell you how to find the life trust so you can access it! If you ask any person that is administering the \"STATUTES\" they are obligated to surrender their \"IDENTIFICATION\" meaning, \"Name\" and \"Date of Birth\" and \"serving Address\" so make sure you get their \"Date of Registration\" appearing on their birth certificate, (Not the date BORN) because that date will identify their \"Sovereign Trust\" the one that the FEDERAL RESERVE subdivisions need in order to lend (Sell) you money. If you get their correct date of birth of their sovereign account, then you have a chance to access (Find) their sovereign trust in order to be compensated. The SMITH trust is the date born, and the true trust\" JOHN DOE SMITH, is the date of registration, a few days after you were born, even up to a month after your \"BORN\" date. Banks access the JOHN DOE SMITH trust in order to sell the debt on to: SMITH JOHN DOE, and because you hold passports and licenses in the SMITH JOHN DOE trust, you can never prove you are the real JOHN DOE SMITH because your identification that you hold, and claimed as you, is not the true sovereign JOHN DIE SMITH trust. That is how the deception (Fraud) works and full disclosure would mean that they would have to tell you this information. Hope you get your head around this.. Cheers: Rom.",
   "created_time": "2013-10-18T22:39:32+0000"
 }
