 {
   "id": "574620815907188",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_574435425925727",
   "from_name": "Romley Stewart",
   "message": "A FINE is a Promissory Note! and Governments are subdivisions of the US FEDERAL RESERVE, their business is to create money! and the money they use is a debt Note, it's easy to create debt money, just tell someone that they own money and if they follow the right process of law (UCC) they create the debt and you have to honor the debt or they take it from your true trust account! ... The biggest scam ever!!! .. so rarther that refuse to pay their claim of debt, agree to any claim and charge a ten fold \"trustee\" fee in order to accept to act as trustee for their debt estate they are trying to lump onto you. The UCC is \"Offer and Acceptance\", so if they offer you a fine, accept it for ten fold because they can only place the fine in a false name, such as SMITH or SMITH JOHN DOE or MR J D SMITH but never in the real trust name: JOHN DOE SMITH, because they bank is the trustee for the real trust! It is a violation to claim another persons name or a fiction name such as: MR J D SMITH or SMITH JOHN DOE, so you have a valid claim to charge a trustee fee in order to act as trustee for the debt estate arriving in the false name MR J D SMITH. It also gives no \"Conflict\" meaning no reason for court because you have accepted the debt, it is then up to them to conflict your trustee fee. throw their fraud paper shit back to them! ...",
   "created_time": "2013-10-18T23:08:52+0000"
 }
