 {
   "id": "826662300703037",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_826126064089994",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "According to private messages, this psycho is even trying to send \"me\" messages on this account specifically created for me (which I immediately blocked) on public posts.  \n\nI want everyone to examine this idiot's behavior, especially the creation of Facebook accounts that only exist because I exist.  You will hear the same arguments from this piece-of-shit, over and over and over.  It's always the same crap.  \n\n\"You'll ruin your personal credit.\" This is a lie.  This, in fact, detatches you from liability, and thus increases credit risk.  It becomes \"not a rating\", but a \"buyer beware\" warning.  However, if you understand commerce, and especially Private Banking, none of these things play a role.  If you're worried about your \"credit rating\", you're worrying about preserving the Tender for Law that money provides.  You're also worried about preserving your role as TRUSTEE for any LEGAL matters.  \n\nBut notice how important he thinks this is.  This is now the fourth account he has created.  These are the actions of a psycho, or a government contractor.\n\nPete, I suggest you block him so your post does not appear TO him or to any of his \"friends\".  As you can see, liening your name scares him, and/or his puppet masters.  It doesn't matter which, but I strongly suspect a LAW SOCIETY connection.  Only the LAW SOCIETY would be worried about the name being liened, as damaging the security prohibits ATTORNMENT.  The LAW SOCIETY simply cannot ATTORN an INDIVIDUAL to a JURISDICTION where the government can ACT as a PERSON.  \n\nIn all that is LEGAL, the only actual FRAUD is the STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH, in as much as the STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH, does not adequately disclose that it is, in fact, the SIGNATORY'S REPORTING of INFORMATION; specifically that a CHILD OF UNKNOWN PARENTAGE, was found alive on that DATE.  If you read a STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH you will see that it is littered with LEGALESE.  You are NOT a parent, you are an INFORMANT, or in some regions a WITNESS, in which case the doctor and/or midwife becomes the INFORMANT.  Again, this is the only FRAUD.  The rest is not hidden.  As I've always said, I purchased this law of my own free will, and I did not get what I paid for.  In every JURISDICTION where there is LEGAL TENDER, if you do not get what you paid for, and there is no REMEDY, you are the victim of FRAUD.  \n\nSo if anyone wants to accuse the government, and/or the church, and/or the LAW SOCIETY OF UPPER CANADA of FRAUD, make sure you stick to those very specific points.  I'm not one of these fucking FREEMEN.  In fact I dare say, I'm a Loyalist when it comes to the law.  You've just had its benefits stolen from you, because the government can no longer pay the tab for your RIGHTS.  Well if they're not going to pay, they're not going to benefit.  \n\nTL;DR: LIEN YOUR NAME",
   "created_time": "2015-05-06T23:44:22+0000"
 }
