 {
   "id": "520685637967373",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_481521431883794",
   "from_name": "Harry Wombat",
   "message": "Dear Tara, When I first heard about Scott, I quickly added him as a friend which he accepted (since been kicked off his friend's list).  In fact, I called him a number of times and he hung up on me almost every single time after I opened up my brain and revealed some of the contents. At first I was thoroughly perturbed. Then, after some thought, I realized a theme that was developing  in our conversations. They ended with, \"your either lying, or you don't know what you are talking about.\" Then came, what is now known as the infamous tingling sensation, suddenly realizing I was zapped out of the little world I thought I could comfortably defend. I started to call Scott and thanked him for being so terribly \"rude\", because after a brief moment of clarity, I came to realize that my previous definition of rude was others not basking in, and/or and tolerating my ignorance. I'd say things like \"my ID\" and then, in the blink of an eye, find myself all alone. No more Scott. Thank you Scott for giving me some of the \"rudest\" treatment a striving student could hope for. If I am going to put my balls to the wall, and put it out there, my only criticism,  which I am DEFINING AS CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM is that Scott (ARE YOU READING THIS?) do a one, two punch and KAPOW some of these threads with your over the top knowledge and insight. It seems to me that sometimes (you) he disappears, or gets far too quiet for my liking. Having said that, I would rather be here than almost any other place. BTW I agree. Get rid of those who may mislead again and again, or, talk a lot of SH*^. Sincerely, Me! PS   Chief Rock doesn't charge a dime and impressed me in person for half of today. :)  (Y)",
   "created_time": "2013-06-04T04:29:18+0000"
 }
