 {
   "id": "535806853121918",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_534673063235297",
   "from_name": "Chad Brodgesell",
   "message": "Court order free access anytime. Mother would not give access nor address/contact info. Court refused to hear my grievance. Lawyers / Justice lied . Lawyer would not put forth original court order for free access.\nEvery one has a similar story when using lawyers. The kids were toddlers last I saw them in 87. \nWhen the court the lawyers and the families collude and you do not know how to deal with it, well we all know the out come.\nNow the 3 children I have now with my current wife we got court ordered custody when they were little. A little bit of safety. Better then nothing.\nOldest has moved out already , the girl is in her last year of collage next year and the youngest just finished high school. They still live with me and their mother.\nWe barely scratch by pay check to paycheck.\nMy wife is kind hearted but stands her ground. I am a raging dangerous person when some one tries to tell me what I can and cannot do. Oh. And I am also just a plain dick head. I'm working on it though.\nI will always be fighting mad though.\nIs there anything else you wanted to know about Adam Thomas?\nEveryone here is here for a reason. My story really is only different in details. We all bare burdens.\n.\nAll this because I woke up with a thought and wanted to post it before I forgot it.\nScott Duncan needs drones that are capable because he has an OATH he cannot break.\nJust a thought is all. Maybe others see it already but for me it us another piece of the puzzle that clears up a few things.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-12T04:40:06+0000"
 }
