 {
   "id": "540382885997648",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_540190379350232",
   "from_name": "Robert Cormier",
   "message": "As I currently understand it (please correct me if I'm wrong), in an overly generalized version of the history of our enslavement, increasing numbers of the commoners (of the commonWEALTH) became aware of their rights and freedoms under the MAGNA CARTA. Their indignant former masters (THE NOBLES) felt compelled to devise a plan to return the people into slavery so as to retain their waning power. A plan was hatched to re-establish slavery. There was one substantial obstacle however, the MAGNA CARTA had made slavery illegal. The People had to willingly submit to slavery. Essentially, they had to volunteer to be slaves for the remainder of their lives. So, the question became, how do you get the masses to volunteer to be a slave for the rest of their lives? Then someone had an ingenious idea; burn all the records of the citizenry (the Great Fire of London), declare everyone's Financial Vessel  \"lost at sea and presumed dead\", hold their vessel in TRUST until such time as flesh and blood living persons claimed/regained admiralty (control) of their commercial ship. Those who didn't comprehend the implications of the fire, and the resulting seizure of their commercial vessel (until such time as the claimed title to it) and whom therefore subsequently failed to inform the RECORD KEEPERS that they weren't dead, and, that they hadn't actually died in the fire as PRESUMED, had their commercial vessel held in trust for them. To regain their vessel, they had to APPEAR in the FLESH and CLAIM/SWEAR that they were ALIVE and well and therefore were able (COMPETENT) to manage their own ESTATE. In this way, the masses became slaves by the presumption of their consent, and their ignorance of this particular Tender For Law.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-23T19:55:48+0000"
 }
