 {
   "id": "608825665820036",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_608742025828400",
   "from_name": "August le Blanc",
   "message": "All I know, is what I have been guided to.  I had to engage my pondering skills and some trail and error.\nWe are  being shown how to lay the foundation. So The confusion or the blocks in place by previous programming need to be removed.  It does involve a civl death the killing of a legal person. \nIt is done by a lien. The lien cuts them off from any sort of commerce while lien is in place.  Form a corporation, create a trust agreement. The corporation is a legal person under law. Grant the corporation the title of Administrator and trustee of the birth certificate and under a new tile of a taken name affirm to being  sole beneficiary. Appoint the given name on the birth certificate as VP of corp. Assign directors title.\nGet a corporate seal = signature.  \nThe name is what you lien, the ALL CAPS NAME and public notice stating such.   Let that person handle the affairs of the thing,  Once lien is in place and perfected, the ability to create credit to administer all debt as well as for the well being of sole share holder and sole beneficiary \nAssign tile of sole shareholder of corp to taken name. Affirmations of body and public notice sent out with every administrative thing. \nThe hole in the fence is here.\nValue knowledge and your life and body.\nOne living sole ( conscious) on board of the vessel (body) has supreme claim on the body.\nLearn how to account for surety.",
   "created_time": "2014-01-06T10:08:35+0000"
 }
