 {
   "id": "462493170453287_977905528912046",
   "created_time": "2016-04-10T02:13:09+0000",
   "updated_time": "2016-04-10T22:10:35+0000",
   "from_name": "Erich Kirov",
   "from_id": "366697126854837",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'} {u'name': u'Scott Duncan', u'id': u'927379467328526'}]",
   "message": "Scott says we haven't targeted lawyers enough, so I'm picking up the ball.  I thought I'd go on a brief exploration to see if I can find some accessible examples of how lawyers victimize people.  Before I begin, let's recap what we know about lawyers.\n\n#1:  A law degree is an ARTS degree (like Gender Studies, or Philosophy) - and like Gender Studies and Philosophy, there is no requirement for actual knowledge or skill.  It only requires \"belief\".  As we know, all belief is evil.  Therefore these fields of study are evil, and lawyers, by their very nature, are evil.  Every single one of them is in this category.  There are no exceptions to this rule.\n\n#2:  A lawyer's oath is to THE LAW SOCIETY.  It is, and always will be, their primary obligation.  Their only obligation to their \"clients\" is to maintain their integrity, until all the new money generated by their case has been paid out.\n\n#3:  Fees to a lawyer are only part of what they get paid.  Every time they submit a document to the court with the ATTORNEY GENERAL as TRUSTEE, and that document has one signature on it, they are sending a BILL.  If the document has two signatures and a TRUSTEE (ATTORNEY GENERAL), it is a BILL OF EXCHANGE.  Think about it.  LEGALLY, that's all it can be, and when dealing with lawyers, LEGAL is all that matters.  Lawyers will always try to pretend they are using the common definition of words, instead of the LEGAL definition of words.  \n\n#4:  Win or lose, the lawyer gets paid.  They have no incentive either way.  In JURISDICTIONS like ONTARIO where the loser pays, it doesn't apply to the lawyer.  Losing a case has absolutely no economic effect, or any other effect, on a lawyer.  There are no lawyers that \"care\" about any cause you have hired them for.  There never has been, and there never will be, despite what television tells you.  \n\nIt didn't take me long to find this particular victim.  She's effectively \"down the hall\" in Vernon Beck's \"Canada Court Watch\" group.  Unfortunately Vernon Beck is one of these poor, deluded souls, that thinks the system can be fixed from the inside; and he's always \"making progress\" while entire years of interaction with children are being robbed from people.  Scott has apparently explained to him that at no time in history, has \"fix it from the inside\" ever worked.  Reading the group, you can see Vernon clearly thinks strangers in dresses, and magic parchments, still have \"authority\".  He'll be on his death bed before he realizes any of us are correct....but this post isn't about him.  This is about a poor woman who's being led down the proverbial garden path by a lawyer, and she's just coming to an ugly realization.   She's pleading for help - where there is none - and it's a heartbreaking read, so be warned.\nThen remember the thousands of people who participate in this, every single one of them believing it's their right to do so...because a lawyer said it to them.\n\nIf you think Scott's position, that it is is morally and ethically sound to cut out the eyes, and cut off the thumbs of lawyers, is over the top, I can guarantee you that this woman disagrees.  And, she was one of those who could afford a lawyer.  Try to imagine the children's lives that are ruined by lawyers coming after those that can't afford a lawyer; because there's certainly a heavy financial incentive to do so, especially for the government.  In the end, LEGAL is just the law of ACCOUNTING and SURETY.   Pretending it's anything other than that, is the first lie lawyers try to see you.  They don't want you to know this, and they'd really prefer it if you were credulous and believed in magic sky-daddies, because then they can leverage that ARTS degree in lying, and you're likely to believe it.  \n\nRead this woman's story and tell me Scott Duncan's views on lawyers are \"extreme\". I dare you.",
   "link": "https://www.facebook.com/groups/CCW.Group/permalink/10153303195067271/",
   "name": "Julie",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "HELP!!!!!!!\nSO some people know my case as its been going on for almost 6 years. I will give you a brief history.\nI was in an abusive relationship with an alcoholic. He threatened to kill me and I went to police and because of his behavior and things he was doing police advised me to leave immediately before he killed me and to get my children out of the house. \nSo I left and my ex never requested to see the boys or bothered for months. Then we went to court and I had my children taken away. This was the start of denied access and the loss of my children. The OCL became involved and my boys fought to get out of the house and at 9 and 14 to start their voices were never heard. They threatened their dad they would call CAS if he didn't let them come live with me. The OCL report stated how abusive he was, the boys fear of him, he coaches them on what to say and they were afraid he would hit them like he did their sister. Their older sister was put into foster care at the age of 14 because of his abuse towards her as well.\nI had a lawyer at the time and he dismissed himself stating to me he has never seen anything like this before and knew he couldn't help me. The judges in Guelph gave my ex whatever he wanted and all the broken court orders and my ex's behavior, not to mention the boys wishes were ignored. \nJust to remind you this is happening because my ex husbands mother works within this small courthouse as a court services officer and she works along side the judges, especially Justice Belleghem and Justice Price.\nIn 2012 during a case conference with the Judge assigned for this, Justice Mossip she seen through what was happening. She made my ex husband cry with her take on everything he was doing and how bad of a father he was. She forced him to give me back the boys.\nThey came to live with me and the boys were happy again. Although he continued with his abusive ways and threats even to the point the OCL's boss acknowledged an abusive incident to me through email although they felt it wasn't a child protective issue. My younger son starting throwing up before visits and the older one didn't want to go either. The older one in highschool at this time. They were forced to go.\nA few months later I was admitted into hospital and my mom came to watch the boys. She dropped them off for their weekend visit and he then refused to return the boys and was in court two days later with the help of his mom, no OCL present and had all my parental rights removed based on fabrications and nothing that he could substantiate. \nJust to point out at the beginning when I had no source of income and had the boys for 6 months he was never made to pay child support or spousal support although he has a high income. Again in 2012 he was never made to paid child support either because he didn't feel like it. I was only working part time when I won them back.\nSO February 2013 when he stole them back he was given a cost award and child support based on amount my ex husband thought I should make. For the next year he denied all communication, against a court order again and I was left living off $800 monthly. I would have been homeless if it wasn't for my mom's help. I'm a nurse just to point out and do now work full time.The Ontario Law that you cannot deduct more than 50% of someone's net pay did not apply in my case. Also the fact that I was off work until the following January.\nFinally in the fall 2013 I brought a motion after several attempts as this Superior Court in Guelph informed me I was not allowed to file motions against him. I had to contact the Director of Court Operations in order to do so. I finally was able to see a judge and she wrote on the court order I was paying way to much in child support, although didn't award it back to me just lowered it. She also gave me back access to my boys which he still denied anyway. I brought Contempt Motions and all ignored the Judges wouldn't even read them and put them aside.\nBy January 2014 my younger son phoned me and begged me to come get him as his dad was mean. I phoned his dad who we don't ever speak. He was drunk and I recorded this call, transcribed it and it was accepted into court for the trial. He was cocky and kept belittling me in front of the boys. He said he would go to trial because he already knew he would win, he had no worries.\nI brought motions to change venue and those all denied and written in an order that his mother just was not allowed to touch our file.\nStill no access and trial mangement conferences they manipulated the judges and ensured we could not have Justice Mossip who was assigned because she wouldn't do what they wanted so they made sure it was Justice Price.\nDuring a conference to set the trial date we ended up having Justice Herold who informed me that the OCL and opposing council had been setting up a trial without my knowledge so I wouldn't show up. He had a few words for the OCl and opposing side. He said due to the nature of the case which he has read evidence he was going to appoint himself to do the trial and he looked at me and said the boys would be given back where they belong, with me.\nA day before trial I got a phone call from the courthouse and they were delaying the trial by a day. This was because they appointed Justice Herold into a different case so they could have their beloved Justice Belleghem. As soon as he walked in he looked at me and said I would not win and he would be careful how he worded his endorsement incase I appealed his decision. The trial was reduculous and Justice Belleghem reminded me daily I would not win, he was rude not only to me but my witnesses.\nDuring cross examination I was able to go through 90% of my evidence but he allowed the opposing side to drag the trial out to 7 days by this time. My ex husband admitted on the stand that he refused me access and he admitted it all. He even said he knew I was a good mother and the boys were well taken care of when in my care. BUt he didn't want me to see them.\nWe had assets including RRSP's, Pensions etc. I requested spousal support and child support retro for what was owing to me.\nIn September 2014 his decision came out and he gave my ex husband everything. I was left with no assets and child support paid to me, no spousal support and he awarded my ex husband child support based on a much higher amount then what I actually make annually. Plus $25,000 in court fees was awarded and $10,000 awarded as child support.\nI appealed the decision. In February 2015 I brought a motion in Divisional Court in Brampton and to my surprise if Justice Price didn't walk in. A Guelph Judge really! He was rude and ignored why I brought the motion and only concentrated on opposing council who was requesting the appeal be moved to the Court of Appeal for Ontario. At this time circumstances had changed and I moved back to town down the street from my ex and the boys were always at my place. Also I had found out our older son was not living with his dad and hadn't been since he was forced back in 2013, he was living with a friend. He started staying with me and officially moved all his stuff in with me by April. Justice Price ignored everything. The only thing I got that day was a stay put on the $25,000 cost award.\nThey were awarded for the case to be moved to the Court of Appeal. Justice Price wrote a date on the order that the appeal was to be filed with the Court of Appeal and funny the file never got transferred there. I made trips to the Divisional Court and they somehow lost my file. Finally one day I wouldn't leave their counter until someone found the file because I had by this time one week left to complete the appeal. They finally found it and apolagized and said they just don't know how it got misplaced. Corruption at its finest.\nIt was a good thing I did my research because the Court of Appeal received the file with 3 days remianing for me to perfect my appeal. Although that day it was complete and I didn't have to fix anything.\nIn June I brought a motion to the Court of Appeal and my older son appeared with me. The Judge was very annoyed that Justice Price did not deal with the issues in February. He had duty council contact his office and inform him of this. It is written in the order that Justice Price was contacted and agreed to call a conference to deal with the issues. Well within a week Justice Price recused himself due to the conflict of interest and stated I could just go back to Guelph. Justice Price was the Judge who took my kids away and all parental rights in 2013, now recuses himself.\nSo I pleaded with the Appeal Court to give me a speedy hearing due to the circumstances and they agreed to the beginning of September 2015. That is until the OCL decided to involve themselves after the appeal was perfected. They had a conference call and the Judge was very rude to me and ordered me to copy everything and I had to serve her. She requested from the court that the hearing be delayed. She was called in by my ex husband to help him. The hearing then got set to November. \nNovember came and we sat there all day as we were going to be the last case. Once the Justices spoke to me and they said \"are you ready\" the OCL stood up and said there was a problem. She filed material and sadly I was never served. Exactly what they had been doing because they didn't want those Judges. The case was then remanded until December.\nMy ex husband didn't even show up and the Judges had nothing to say to me and just let me talk and only reminded me when I had a few minutes left. \nWhen it was there turn they had lots of questions in regards to how much money they wanted etc. Oh and all the OCL documents they filed she was defending my ex husband. Nothing about the boys, she requested evidence be removed etc.\nIt took only 3 days with 5 years of evidence and the Judges came back with they agreed with everything Justice Belleghem did and were dismissing my appeal although they accept my ex husbands cross appeal for more money in child support and $10,000 awarded in costs.\n\n3 DAYS!!!!!\n\nThey completely ignored the evidence that my son has lived with me throughout the entire year. He was expelled from school which I brought documentation from the school, although my ex husband filed a affidavit stating my son lives with him full time as he stays there 1-2 nights a week and he attends school full time and thriving. His word against documentation from the school. As well I had evidence from my apt management that my son lives here full time and a letter written by my son about the misrepresentation by the OCL and she did not disclose what he and his brother wanted. I lost everything.\n\nI sent a formal 136 page complaint to the Law Society with all the evidence and they requested in January the Appeal Material. They just sent me a letter and acknowledged all the corruption and things done wrong although in the last paragraph they state they don't see anything was done wrong and they are closing the case. I wrote a complaint to the Judicial Council and they dismissed it as well against Justice Beleghem.\n\nSO now here I am and the garnishments are starting. All of my pay which will put me in a shelter. My son has lived here for over a year and he was awarded child support based on an amount I don't make and I provided my income tax assessments, they didn't care it was what my ex requested in child support. Plus although the $25,000 cost award was stayed, opposing council was asked what they wanted and it was never reinstated and not asked for. Now my ex is trying to collect.\nMy older son is also over 18 now and working. My ex husband continues to state my son lives there and is in school full time.\n\nHERE IS MY PROBLEM PLEASE HELP!!!!\n\nI found some funds so I obtain a lawyer to fix this child support and cost awards as its undue hardship and I will be living in a shelter. Its fraud and he won't stop.\nI can show his lies in a sworn affidavit and documentation from the school. I have a letter from the management here that our son lives here as well I have all the receipts for clothes and food etc.\nI have contacted law firms from Toronto etc and not one firm will take on my case. They say its too complex and they won't step foot in the Guelph courthouse.\n\nSo how am I suppose to have my Rights and Freedoms, My right to a fair trial etc... All my Human Rights have been taken away. I can't obtain any help and when I email his lawyer with the fact he is committing fraud his lawyer refuses to respond. His lawyer has a duty of care but because I'm self represented they just ignore me. I don't have any court orders with signatures or seals because they won't give me one.\n\nANYHELP ON WHAT TO DO. I NEED TO STOP HIM BEFORE HE PUTS ME IN A SHELTER. AN EMERGENCY MOTION NEEDS TO BE BROUGHT ASAP TO STOP THIS. I HAVE THE EVIDENCE AND PROOF REQUIRED BUT NO LAW FIRM WILL HELP.\n\nI guess its true what they say, lawyers only care about money. None of them actually care about what they took an oath for, to stand up for the law and help people. They are all too afraid to stand up for what is right??? I need someone who will blow the shit off that corrupt courthouse and their corrupt judges!\n\nNone exist I guess!",
   "source": "",
   "type": "link",
   "place": "None"
 }
