 {
   "id": "688862111149724",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_688722214497047",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "I will speculate, Eamonn O Brien. \n\nAs Scott Duncan and Tara Duncan, those particular names, their only presence on the Internet has been Facebook. \n\nAs I have discovered in my computer science studies, the Internet is a HUGE place. The stuff that basically anyone has access thru surfing the web, it is called \"Surface Web.\" But that only is about just 4% of the total Internet. The other stuff is HIDDEN from surfing, it is called the \"Deep Web.\" It's a staggering 96% of the Internet! :O\n\nTo access the Surface Web you can do it thru common browsers (Explorer, Chrome, etc.), and go thru a serious of crappy steps that will make you vulnerable to surveillance and monitoring (like location, browsing history, etc.) from virtually anyone, before reaching the information. Very little to no encryption.\n\nOR, the people that \"know\" use what it is called a dedicated browser, to access the Deep Web. TOR, stands for \"The Onion Router\", is one of those dedicated browsers. It's all encrypted, so it's a bitch to monitor, or impossible. There are other ways to access the Deep Web. \n\nApparently, if we all want to \"keep in touch,\" with Scott and Tara, we will meet at the Deep Web using TOR, because that is were apparently a lot of the magic happens. The Deep Web is one of the places that the Admiral is taking whoever wants to go.\n\nBut hey, I am just speculating.",
   "created_time": "2014-07-03T00:04:16+0000"
 }
