 {
   "id": "611149078921028",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_611139508921985",
   "from_name": "Xrisjuice Xris",
   "message": "1.  Do you have the opportunity to be involved in the process  when the decision is made to sell the revenue streams(tickets etc) to US or International Banks?  and if so, 2.  how difficult a process is it to ensure that the lower ranked 'dually' sworn officers working underneath your guidance and leadership do not find out and start asking themselves who do we really work for?? 3.  What processes are in place to investigate deputy chiefs for willfully ignoring evidence and personally profiting from holding that office through that title?  4.  What advice would you give those whom are not aware or awake as of yet and are currently acting as this title (PERSON) operating as if they are Collateral Warranty registered as a security interest? 5.  Do you think it is a good idea to claim the name or would that make us complicit in the fraud?  6. It appears that many people are starting to understand this at even the basic level and many are good people would you agree?  Do you also agree that the risk to your officers is very limited, small in fact and probably the reasonable man would agree less of a risk, than the current bold criminals that ignore whatever rules are in place regardless if they know who they are or not?  7.  How can I help you get these messages across so that we can create harmony and work together for a better future?  Would you also agree that this current state of affairs is not our fault but it is our problem? 8. How can I be of service to solve this awareness issue?",
   "created_time": "2014-01-12T02:20:40+0000"
 }
