 {
   "id": "462493170453287_496727833696487",
   "created_time": "2013-03-27T14:44:01+0000",
   "updated_time": "2013-04-02T22:03:13+0000",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "from_id": "927379467328526",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'} {u'name': u'Dean Clifford', u'id': u'10154101046070541'} {u'name': u'Scott Duncan', u'id': u'927379467328526'}]",
   "message": "We now deviate from the seriousness that is the TENDER FOR LAW, for some comic relief: It seems Tony Butros feels Dean Clifford has \"sold him out\" (Meaning that without Dean, Tony's AMWAY-TO-FREEDOM(tm) scheme has nothing to sell. HAR! :D ) \n\n...but the comments are GOLD! You MUST be bad if you \"befriend Scott Duncan\"... \n\nI haven't laughed so hard in...about a week, actually. I do some funny shit, so it's pretty hard for outsiders to make the grade. :D Kudos to Tony \"guy-that-sounds-like-he-has-a-dick-in-his-mouth\" Butros for bringing us this quality programming. I hope you get the same joy as me :D\n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/groups/596696577012085/permalink/624293280919081/",
   "link": "",
   "name": "Tony",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "*** WELL IT'S OFFICIAL *** DEAN CLIFFORD HAS ADMITTED THAT HE SOLD ME OUT.  He made his official announcement on his forum a couple of hours ago. As usual, being the charismatic and well-spoken character that he is, he made it sound like it was an \"Experiment\" and part of his master plan. And the sad part is that most of his followers are more likely to believe him. Isn't it funny how all con artists usually posses the same charismatic and well-spoken traits! \n\nIn other words, he is admitting that he has deceived, conned and manipulated me, my radio show listeners, all the members of this group and the members of his forum for the last 5 months, and that he's done it for the good of all. I don't know about you, but to me for someone to even think of doing that, not that I believe a single word of it, but simply for thinking of such an evil scheme makes him out to be a person no better than those corrupt governments who try to deceive us. Bravo Mr. Dean Clifford! You get a 10 out of 10 for that. You have just graduated to the same level of existence as Kevin Annett! I'm sure you must be very proud of yourself!\n\nAnyway, those of you who wish to leave this group and follow in the footsteps of this new self-proclaimed savior, who plans to free all of the people of this planet with his well-calculated plan, I bid you farewell. However, if you decide to stay, then be advised that, as of this moment, Dean Clifford is considered to be in the same category as Kevin Annett and, like Kevin, he is not to be promoted on this group.\n\nAll the audio recordings, text messages and emails between Dean and I over the last 5 months will be compiled and made available to anyone who wishes to examine them. I personally believe that his announcement today was intended to make you all believe that everything he has said on those audio recordings and messages were all staged as part of his master plan. I guess he feels that he really is that smart, and that we are all that stupid in that we will believe that the reason he has not produced any of the lesson plans he has been promising for the last 5 months for the FU project, is because he was trying to prove a point. That's right Dean, I guess all those times you said on air that you are very disorganized and can't get anything done, that was all part of your master plan, right? So, does this mean that all the teachings he did on the radio show was also false and part of his set up? Of course, I expect him to make such claims. How else can he justify all that evidence on those audio files and messages? Anyway, whether you believe his claim or not is entirely up to you.\n\nAs for me, Global F.A.C.T. and FU, I think 5 months was enough time wasted on this deceiver and his accomplices. Over the last week, Dean's behavior and things he has said to me had raised a lot of red flags. I had anticipated this and hence started working on an alternative plan. FU will go forward and details will be released soon. As for the Monday show, it will now be called \"How To With...\" and there will be a new name every week.",
   "source": "",
   "type": "link",
   "place": "None"
 }
