 {
   "id": "612345885468014",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_604456696256933",
   "from_name": "J.P. Alexander",
   "message": "Hey just a thought on this i actually took my NOTICE OF MISTAKE with me to court. I asked for dismissal because they had no sworn complaint from a flesh and blood victim. I put them in the corner. The judge said that the PROSECUTOR was REPRESENTING a state company I've never heard of bla bla then I pointed out that the judge the prosecutor and the supposed injured party all represented the \"STATE\" so it was an obvious CONFLICT of INTEREST. The judge still wasn't having it she ranted and raved and threatened to throw me in jail for six months bla bla. So i pull out the NOTICE and say. Uhh i NEED to GIVE this to YOU. She accepts it then starts reading. She probably made to the question section i would say before she realized what she was reading and as soon as she did REAL-IZE :-) what i had given her she threw it at the clerk and said \" I don't even know what a Notice of Mistake is\" hahaha. Best court moment ever. The clerk  filed it.  Immediately she starts to back pedal eventually she dismissed for lack of PROPER NOTICE. She made a point to say \" The ONLY reason I'm dismissing this is because there has been no NOTICE. But i knew it was bullshit. My point is if you want them to actually read it give it to the judge in court ask the clerk to file it as soon as the judge accepts it. Atleast that's what i did. Thats giving NOTICE, with no NOTICE they can play dumb to your questions because the NOM states the facts at the beginning. Maybe they just haven't read yours or pretend to have not.... just a thought",
   "created_time": "2014-01-14T21:48:00+0000"
 }
