 {
   "id": "462493170453287_689302594439009",
   "created_time": "2014-07-04T01:11:40+0000",
   "updated_time": "2015-05-03T12:14:33+0000",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "from_id": "927379467328526",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'} {u'name': u'Lou Manotti', u'id': u'366697126854837'}]",
   "message": "ATTENTION ON DECK:\n\n...sorry that shit just never leaves you.\n\nAstute officers and crew from different vessels, and now, different Navies, have all approached me with the same concerns.  I normally let these things play out, because I like to show off how I deal with these ill-prepared \"surprises\".  Often you'll find that when I do something that appears \"Godlike\", closer examination reveals that I'd simply altered small things in the past to engineer my way out of future problems.\n\nI've done this all my life and it makes for some interesting experiences, not the least of which is infiltrators.\n\nToday we're going to talk about infiltrators.\n\nI want to discuss the behaviour, dialogue, and the \"red flags\" that alert you to an infiltrator.  \n\nOne of the great things about being me is that you don't know how much I know about you.  You barely understand the technology you use, and the same is true with infiltrators.  I often do things deliberately \"sloppy\" and even let the odd \"warez\" group onto our network, just to act as a \"Honey Pot\" and to take a bunch of NSA agents out of commission.  For as long as they're looking at the shiny objects I leave around, they are not looking at you.\n\nAn officer, and crew member, of the Tyson were using the Lou Manotti and Roguesupport Nx  accounts, and reading THE TENDER FOR LAW, which is baffling because they have direct access to my entire library...but no accounting for taste.  Contrary to what you may think, THE TENDER FOR LAW is not my best work.  \n\nAnyway, officers and crew of the Tyson noticed a member whose posts consist almost exclusively of wrong answers, erroneous conclusions, out-of-context quotes and numerous calls to violence.  At this point I would like to state that if you're doing anything under the banner of AQUILAE you do not cause or inflict violence.  That is a RIGHT reserved exclusively for officers.  The rules are very simple.  If you're going to inflict violence make sure you're an AQUILAE officer first.  If you check and you find out you are not an AQUILAE officer; DON'T.\n\nNow I try to give all of you the benefit of the doubt.  The poster in question is a regular contributor to THE TENDER FOR LAW, but he only showed up late in the second phase.  \n\n...I'm talking about you, Jason Moreland.  \n\nSo as is my way, we're going to drag you out onto the deck, and disect this problem piece-by-piece.\n\nThe default position it that Mr. Moreland is simply dumb and angry because of what he has discovered.  If no other answer comes up, then that will be the position henceforth.  If this is in fact the case, I remind Mr. Moreland that he thinks wrong, and values the wrong things; which means any intent and/or plans he forms at this point are 100% guaranteed to be based on the wrong things, and the wrong thought-process.  This also means there is a 100% chance of failure...\n\n...SO STOP!\n\nIf this is the case I can \"leverage a negative\", and can use Mr. Moreland's many posts as  \"red flag indicators\" when hunting down infiltrators.  You can find many writings on this subject, however we're just going to deal with the basics.  \n\nThe first indicator of an infiltrator is somebody who is just a little too enthusiastic about the cause in question.  You'll often find them repeatedly asking questions about very basic things while skillfully using their feined ignorance to switch a few words around.  You'll also find Robert Menard doing this shit too, so it's not a hard, fast rule - rather an indicator.  Look for phrases like, \"Are you saying *insert bullshit here*?\", and the presumptuous weasel-word questions that are prefixed with \"Don't you think...\" (I preemptively answer \"NO\" to those).  \n\nSecond indicator are calls to violence.  Nobody understands the urge to inflict violence on these pieces-of-shit more than I do.  If you intend to inflict violence, do it right.  Homicide is very, very easy.  It's stupidly easy.  I guarantee that any one of you could kill ten people with a steak knife before anyone could even form the intent to stop you.  In my books, that's stupidly easy.  If you fuck up killing somebody, you deserve your fate.  Many murders are meticulously planned, and go off without a hitch, but the perpetrator still gets caught.  Never plan FOR violence; plan for AFTER the violence.  The violence itself is just a formality.  It's surprisingly easy to do; and a lot of fun.  It solves a problem, gives closure, and let's you move forward.  I speak from experience.  I can even say right here on this open forum to all the cops watching that I killed that fat piece-of-shit that is your colleague.  I garotted him myself with a guitar string.  I even left a note.  So why aren't I sitting in jail with a bunch of gomers chanting \"cop killer\"?  \n\nThe reason I can say this is that they would have to reveal that the dead land-whale in question sent an Islamic Sand-Nigger out to kill my child; and that's not something your masters want attention drawn to.  Look what I've done since then!  You're not bright enough to put it together, but I've already won.  And now I've got nothing to do with the rest of my life but hunt down those who dared write their signatures endorsing harm to me and to those I love.  You can send all the infiltrators you like.  You can use all the blackmailed confidential informants that you like.  You could spread disinformation...hell you can even call me crazy!  But that's not really going to change anything.  I taught a bunch of idiots on the Internet how to build their own fucking banks.  On Facebook of all things.  Ask yourself what I've done with people who have sworn to live and die at my command.\n\nTo Jason Moreland: If you are an infiltrator, take pause and reflect on what you're doing.  The problem with all infiltrators is that when they read what I write, they know it's true.  It's not opinion, it's not hypothesis, it's not even an expression of feelings.  I strip away the bullshit that most infiltrators exploit.  The many adults that have imaginary friends have learned by watching many examples of what happens to people who don't keep their evil, ignorant, mysogenistic idiology to themselves.  \n\nAll belief is evil.  An infiltrator will laugh with his cop buddies quoting \"Scott is always right\", but you'll never hear them quote, \"All belief is evil\".  As a matter of fact I have it on good authority that they are stricly prohibited from quoting it, even in police reports.  I wonder if you can figure out why.\n\nThis is the only life you get.  I had mine planned out from age nine.  It never occurred to me that the Rule of Law would become corrupted too soon.  Before the year 2000, my only problems with the judiciary was their baffling technological ignorance.  \n\nI wish I'd prepared better for the collapse of the judiciary, but I work with what I have; and even my \"Plan B\" gives me a significantly better standard of living than all of you combined.  All of my actions from 2005 onward are to engineer what I like to call \"Destructive Benefit\".  Like THE TENDER FOR LAW itself all of my long-term plans eventually come to fruition.  You can look back to the older posts and see how foolish you sounded, and since you're on the rollercoaster, you don't really see how fast you're going.  There was going to be a stereotypical \"star pupil\" and a stereotypical \"class clown\".  They just turned out to be exactly opposite of who I thought they'd be.  So when it comes to predictions regarding people as individuals, I am rarely right.  I know how you'll all behave in large numbers, but individually you're all very confusing.  I have women figured out in a very \"low res\" way, but that's as close as I've ever gotten after years of study.  The little I do know is true; the rest is a big question mark for me; and whenever possible I try to engineer that gaping variable out of the equation.  It doesn't matter if you think I'm right or not, in the end...we'll all find out soon enough, just as we always do.  \n\nI think it's a safe bet that I'll be right again.  \n\nJason, if you're an infiltrator, go back to your masters and say you've been caught.  If you're not, then less speaking and more reading.  Pretend you're a Christian.  Pretend that if I discover your imaginary friend, you'll be banned; and all the benefit you get here, you'll just have to wait for.  \n\nI've been going through my vast video collection, and I've discovered what I think are videos of both Menard and Clifford acting all \"you're crazy\" and dismissing cryptographic currency.  Menard was sitting in the middle of a fucking mine when he was saying it.  I really like making people who oppose the right answer look really, really stupid.  That's something the cops and I have in common.  Anything you say will be used against you later on.  \n\nEveryone who hasn't watched the Naomi Wolf, End of America video, please do so now.  It's time to pick sides.  The days of warning are over.  It doesn't matter what you say/think/feel/believe.  Reality doesn't care; and very soon, neither will I, for you will no longer be of any use to me.  I'm giving you the keys to the future.  I'm giving you understanding now, and I ask nothing in return.  All I ask is that you share your knowledge with others.  Make sure they know how you learned, because then they'll know when they see an AQUILAE Battle Standard, they should stop what they're doing and walk away, knowing that by doing so they will never be harmed by anyone acting under that banner.  An example of the AQUILAE Battle Standard is on Lou Manotti's profile, and if you see it anywhere else you should stop whatever you're doing, and walk away - because shit's about to get real.  I'm talking about actual, real-life, bikini girls with machine guns.\n\nTake it away guys!",
   "link": "http://youtu.be/T-QbZCPrvl0",
   "name": "Like THIS, only real!",
   "caption": "youtube.com",
   "description": "Profound lyrics too!",
   "source": "https://www.youtube.com/embed/T-QbZCPrvl0?autoplay=1",
   "type": "video",
   "place": "None"
 }
