 {
   "id": "985683418134257",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_984292581606674",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "It's not like you didn't know it would happen. EVERYWHERE that Dan Lien-Your-Name Wilson shows up, the posts are ALWAYS deleted. That's mostly because of Pete Daoust, these days. Too many readers see too many facts, because Pete Daoust SHOWS them. No \"second hand\" or \"I know a guy who knows a guy who says...\" information, but DEMONSTRABLE, and real-time FACTS.\n\nwhen their bullshit is obliterated by reality, they switch to \"That's just the way it is\", and \"They are the ones with the guns\", which is just a useful idiot speaking for the Attorney General, and saying \"Whuddya guhunuh do about it?\" to everyone reading. The problem that dumb thugs have, is that they can't react fast enough when they finally see what's happening.\n\nEven now Half of the Attorney General's office is covering up, and the other half is wondering who the fuck I am, and how the fuck do I know so much?\n\nThe same thing is happening at the Law Society. Scott Duncan seems to be EVERYWHERE, and when they look at their own records, they are contradictory, and ambiguous, to say the least!\n\nWhat does an ORGANIZATION do when it can't trust its own records?\n\nThese ORGANIZATIONS are more fucked up than they let on! If I wasn't doing the damage I say, then I wouldn't bother!\n\nI am. It's why you see the same idiotic responses, over and over and over again. It's all they CAN do without tipping their hand.\n\nThey also know, by now that I have a LOT of angry people who recently became INFORMED angry people. They are all over world too! They also know that my dirty little fingers are in everybody's pie.   They find that out each time they engage me... the hard way. Remember I said that. It's important later.",
   "created_time": "2016-04-24T16:11:46+0000"
 }
