 {
   "id": "984307044938561",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_984292581606674",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Let me lay out the battlefield here for you, so Dan Lien-Your-Name Wilson's actions become clear.\n\nIt's 2016. I have publically announced that I have NO oaths to keep.\n\n2 generations have passed since my Privateer heydays, and anyone who could be called to account is either dead, or a drooling vegetable (Ian Scott). Half of the Law Society and Attorney General's Office are covering up, while the other half is wondering who the fuck I am, and how the fuck do I know so much?\n\n...and why am I fucking pissed off at them to the point that my \"craziness\" threatens their children's future?\n\nThat is what is really going on. The current generation of lawyers are just SCARED. \"Crazy\" or not, people are asking the questions that they DO NOT want asked.\n\nTHAT is why Dan Lien-Your-Name Wilson is doing this side project; He is a law society bitch and he's been ordered to do damage control.\n\nOnly FEAR is that motivating. EVEN TRUTH isn't that motivating, although I may be a bit spoiled in that arena. I don't know what it is to \"believe\" shit. I can't think back that far. I don't remember being like all of you. I don't know what it is, not to know. I can only show you.\n\nI'm not that motivated either. I get platitudes and lies, and just plain shit on for my trouble. One day, I'm just going to walk away, and when I do, that's when things will really change, and unless you remember EVERYTHING I taught you, you will be harmed by it. This \"it\" is something none of you have enough base knowledge to understand, but you are CLOSE.\n\nTHE ANSWER TO EVERYTHING  is where you will learn what you need. I'm going to build something, and those who haven't made up a lie about me yet, will be able to help build it.\n\nIf you think Bitcoin is awesome, wait until you see what we have built on the IPV6 Internet! :D\n\nSeriously, if you are one of those precious few who really KNOW I have made their life better, know that I'm not done yet. I have MORE for you. You are going to be part of something AMAZING. I break into a sweat every time I think of it. :D I WISH you knew enough to understand. I'm going to fix that. When you get it, there will be no turning back. You STILL can't un-learn what I will show you.",
   "created_time": "2016-04-22T01:07:01+0000"
 }
