 {
   "id": "688197111216224",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_685745608128041",
   "from_name": "Chris Evan",
   "message": "I am at the license argument part...ok listen up!!!  The Drivers License is the creation of a PERSON.  A PERSON needs a SURETY.  As Scott has pointed out before, that is YOU until you tell them.  I have!  As a matter of fact, I accused (with substantiated evidence) the REGISTRAR of operating in FRAUD and tried to cancel the PERSON.  This was not done for some reason. \n\nDavid, your argument holds no merit as they are a BANK.  My parents made a DEPOSIT into their BANK by REGISTERING the NAME. I have a receipt of this transaction, and now I am being denied to withdraw the security of the person in a time of need.  Lets say these are the only 2 accounts I have with this BANK.  One is a limitless account that allows for the creation and destruction of a MEDIUM FOR EXCHANGE, the other is a CHARGE CARD.  Get it?\n\nAlso, a Drivers License does not create a magical joinder contract.  Please show me in any of your receipts, contracts, etc where it says that having a license subjects you to perform under the Motor Vehicle Act...in this case, MGL ch 90.  It doesn't!  \n\nAlso (Scott, if this is a shit stain, forgive me), their stupid statutes are supposed to be bonded, hence some idiot writes something on a piece of paper that causes the public harm.  The Motor Vehicle Acts are NON BONDABLE!  In the case of Slaveachusetts, it is due to the LACK of a definition of PERSON....no Insurance company will underwrite it.  The REGISTRATION is the BONDING....did they offer full disclosure when before (or after) execution???\n\nSo, stop with the fucking SLAVE arguments ffs!\n\nHere is where they THINK they derive their authority from...MGL ch 1 JURISDICTION \"Section 1. All persons who are citizens of the United States and who are domiciled in this commonwealth are citizens thereof.\"  14th Amendment shit!  (Yes Pete, I know it says persons....) It all derives from the possession and use of the SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER.  That is the PRESUMPTION.  \n\nThe better way to handle this driving thing seems to be hiring a DRIVER (yes...the carriage of persons or cargo for hire).  It would seem to me that this would be a PERSONal expense.  It would seem to me that this should be reimbursable by the one deriving LEGAL benefits.  :-D",
   "created_time": "2014-07-01T08:03:27+0000"
 }
