 {
   "id": "686309854738283",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_685745608128041",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "I want to formally apologize To Alexandra, just in case with just like Lami Black, any words have \"offended\" her, or anyone, committing any \"irreparable injury.\" \n\nRegardless, I must assumed she is NOT magically offended by words, because she NEVER said anything to the contrary, other that show some laughs, and some LMAO. All I did was compliment her. And being thousand of miles in the middle of the Caribbean, the task of \"doing\" her gets a bit complicated, not to say almost impossible.\n\nSo, Alexandra Dominiques, if you believe I said something so extraordinary, and so unacceptable, borderline punishable, please say so now, and I will formally apologize. But I never said anything to insult you, and YOU know it. I think you are cool with me, but maybe not \"Perry Mason.\"\n\nSue believes that the only man that can make a joke about sex to a woman, or a joke about \"boat bunnies,\" is Scott Duncan, or other members of the group. When Scott, or others, have said sexually charged comments toward women as jokes, they do not do it because they are being disrespectful. We ALL know is a way of joking. It has been the NORM in this group. Who has accused Scott of being a PERVERT or to say distasteful sex comments (well his crew may be able to attest)? \n\nTo what respects to Sue, I want to apologize for calling her a stupid cunt last night, that was incorrect. What I really meant to say was stupid bitch ass cunt. And I am not a GREASY SPIC, that's insulting. It's DIRTY SPIC, you stupid bitch ass cunt.\n\nWho else did we not learn about \"words do not insult\" with the Lammi Black situation? Words, are just words. You make what you want of them. When someone calls me a greasy spic, I do not flip-out, because I KNOW. I see the bullshit of RACE it is STILL in your mind, because you thought trying to call me stupid words where going to magically injure me, or cause some wacky reaction. \n\nAlexandra is a beautiful woman, and so many others in the group, and I reserve the right to compliment them, even if stupid bitch ass cunts whine about it. Even if you, as a hen looking cute in your profile picture in your backyard, Sue.\n\nSo to finish, I am not mad at you SUE, you just did what I have seen many programed people do in the Internet, play \"Perry Mason\" for someone in something that was not their business, and then they get burned. See how the threat went on, like nothing has happened? Because in reality, NOTHING has happened.\n\nI KNOW Chris Evan FACE TO FACE. He is a great man, and I respect him. We have become friends, and I honestly care for him.\n\nSue, I expect an apology from you saying: \"Sorry for being a bitch ass stupid cunt, I promise to NEVER meddle in YOUR business, Mackximus\". And then I should lift my phallus, touch your two shoulders with it, and say: I forgive you! Go in peace! :P",
   "created_time": "2014-06-26T19:40:09+0000"
 }
