 {
   "id": "493213210714616",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_493117344057536",
   "from_name": "Ceit Butler",
   "message": "No problem. I recommend homeschooling to EVERYONE! We had all 8 subjects finished by lunch each day, at the latest...that leaves ALL afternoon for anything you want. People say the kids are isolated without the social aspect of public school? That is SUCH BULLSHIT. You join a homeschool group with other local families and kids make friends quickly. And because you all homeschool, staying over on a school night just means bringing your books along to do your work together in the morning...we had swimming lessons, ice skating, roller skating...all the same things the public schools did. We used Abeka books from Pensacola, Florida  (Yes, it IS a Christian based curriculum...but the 4-5 grades advanced thing made them the best choice back then. I'm sure there are MANY other options now) for our curriculum and the books are pricey, but you can always find families with kids a year advice and below yours to swap books with at the end of each year. We did the standardized tests at the end of the year to show that we'd done the work. My grandmother taught me to read and write when I was 3, my father turned everything into a lesson...every book, television show, or movie was a history/geography/political/scientific/tactical-strategic/special effects/philosophical/thought-provoking lesson. I wouldn't trade that for anything public education has to offer.",
   "created_time": "2013-03-17T15:17:26+0000"
 }
