 {
   "id": "804197636282837",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_796948240341110",
   "from_name": "Tara Duncan",
   "message": "I submit that not lying to others is actually really easy - you can tell the truth, or you can say nothing. Simple enough. This assumes you know what is true.\n\nI think the real challenge is not lying to yourself. We probably do this a hundred times a day. We believe things inserted into our consciousness by other people or entities, or because we are conditioned to want to feel good about who and what we are. We entertain irrational fears about the consequences of some looming but unquantified retribution, success or failure, being unpopular or appearing stupid. We prefer to blame others for our shortcomings - parents, educational institutions, et.al. We have created a matrix of protective internal measures that reinforce and perpetuate these lies.\n\nIf you one day realize you know nothing (or in my case every few days) it should be a good day. I'm not saying this initially feels good. It doesn't and it shouldn't.  But then you have a legitimate place to start learning more.  I'm not going to lie to you.  This is a process that may take a lifetime.\n\nIf I might make a suggestion, it is \"normal\" to regret the things you have, or have not, done; and predictable to want to wallow in the emotional angst associated with time lost, opportunities missed, or how you came to be where you are.  There are some mighty fine endorphin responses to be had in this state. However, the popularity of self-help books and psychiatrists attest to the dangers of languishing in this state for too long.  Try to abbreviate this process as it too, is a programmed non-secular construct...and the endorphin rush of accomplishment is much nicer.\n\nColes Notes advice: Question everything, research as necessary, adjust as required, and then move on.",
   "created_time": "2015-03-18T15:50:51+0000"
 }
