 {
   "id": "1015682501801015",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_1013606882008577",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "I know it's somehow offends people that I know more than they do.\n\nPretending that's not true is always costly. Remember, always; YOU ARE NOT ME.\n\nAlso: DON'T TALK TO ANY \"GROUP\" OF PEOPLE BY PRETENDING YOU ARE \"ONE OF THEM\"!\n\nDon't go to court trying to talk like a Lawyer!\n\nDon't go to a group of back people, trying to talk like black people..\n\nSAME THING! You will just sound offensive.\n\n(Speaking Frenglish to French-Speaking people is OK, and will only make you sound cool. Honest!)\n\nPete Daoust doesn't \"try to sound smart\" by talking like them. He stays TRUE TO HIMSELF.\n\nIf you think talking like a Lawyer makes you \"sound smart\", it doesn't . The FIRST lesson in THE TENDER FOR LAW is that YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT THE WORDS MEAN!\n\nAdd to that, the fact that ONLY THE LEGAL DEFINITION COUNTS IN EVERY INTERACTION WITH THE COURT, and you have a recipe for disaster.\n\nPete Daoust is honest, and when he speaks to the court, he speaks as HIMSELF.He doesn't want to \"impress\" anyone. He is compelled to attend, under the threat of violence. He has questions. He's asking.\n\n...because some weird scientist, on the internet with his own fleet of boats, showed him some very unsettling things that go against everything he'd been told. He wanted to know! He is a good man, and wants to do the right thing...and it turns out he's been lied to about a lot of things. This makes \"doing the right thing\" an ambiguous task! He's also noticed that he's the only one concerned with right and wrong.\n\n...so he's demanding answers. \"Accountability\", if you will!\n\nHe has a goal. He wants answers. He's been alive for over half of a century, and in all that time, it seems the only one to tell him the truth, is some stranger on the internet, with an agenda. \n\nLet that sink in! I've said for years that the only reason I'm here, is because having people know the truth serves my agenda, and I'm the ONLY ONE to tell Pete Daoust the truth. Everyone else is lying, or parroting lies they \"believe\". I am literally the ONLY ONE telling the truth.\n\nThe sad reality is that you are all evil and stupid. You are programmed that way. I'm the only one who will tell you about it. Everyone else is too evil and/or stupid to do that.\n\nPete Daoust doesn't want to be evil and stupid, so he's doing something about it. \n\nTrying to \"look cool\" to a bunch of strangers with Arts degrees, who think they OWN you, is stupid. These are EVIL people who meddle in the affairs of the people they think they own, in order to profit.\n\nYou are evil and stupid. It's your default state. I know this, because that's how you are programmed. I wasn't. None of you seem to grasp the difference, or believe I'm not like you. Reality does not care what you believe/comprehend. It's been almost 4 years now! I have shown you! \n\nIf I say you are evil and stupid, then it's TRUE! STOP BEING EVIL AND STUPID!\n\nPete Daoust did. The rest of you?\n\n...not so much.\n\nSo let's do it the Pete Daoust way, shall we!\n\nDO NOTHING unless you are SURE that what you will be doing is not:\n\n1: Evil\n2: Stupid\n\nApply it to your EVERY action, EVERY day, and in about 18 months, you will be ready to START doing something.\n\nUntil then, you are just evil and stupid.",
   "created_time": "2016-06-17T15:24:10+0000"
 }
