 {
   "id": "1014015141967751",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_1013606882008577",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "ALL true (Thanks, BTW), but now the expansion of knowledge stops. All of this is true, FOR YOU. YOU who has learned these past 4 years.\n\nGo back to the time when you knew nothing. This would be no different than a Dean Clifford, or a Kook-of-Gaia venue, in your mind.\n\nAll of these things you mention, are true, Steven, but they are only true because of TIME and EXPERIENCE. Nobody new will experience this. THE TENDER FOR LAW has power, and frightens the law society, because it is UNIMPEACHABLE. \n\n\"THE WHOLE TRUTH and NO VICTIMS\" is the claim we can all make, and nullify EVERY FREE-DUMBER who dares counter us.\n\nIt's hard enough to convince the programmed ignorant masses, of this truth. Now I have to fight off the actions of TWO idiots.\n\nOne thought she could pick-and-choose the parts of what I say, and mix it with the nice free-dumber's shit. The other thought being \"cool' in front of strangers was more important, and attached MY NAME to it.\n\nPete Daoust has done amazing things, and is smart enough to grasp what I am saying here. He only SOUNDS dumb :P Notice he doesn't care how smart the court thinks he is? He knows that he is speaking to the RECORD, not the court. Records don't care how \"cool\" or \"smart\" you sound.\n\nThe ONLY thing that got Pete Daoust listening to me, is that he ONLY FOUND TRUTH here, and there were NO VICTIMS.\n\nMy name is attached to a public record now.\n\nDavid-Paul Sip doesn't understand the truth, so doesn't know how to respond, when asked about it. \"Are you trying to influence this court?\" is a legitimate process question. YES is the correct answer. The only reason ANY PARTY is before the court, is to INFLUENCE it.\n\nSince the LEGAL DEFINITION is the ONLY DEFINITION THAT COUNTS, IN COURT (Despite recent lies to the contrary, by the redoubtable Larken Rose), let's look at what INFLUENCE means LEGALLY\n\nhttp://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/influence\n\nFirst, INFLUENCE is PROPER or IMPROPER, with PROPER being PRESUMED. EVERY action in court is PRESUMED to be PROPER unless the presiding authority declares otherwise.\n\nFor the record, the CORRECT \"Cool and smart\" response to \"Are you trying to influence this court, is \"PROPERLY SO, as is my duty\".\n\n\"No\" is the wrong answer.\n\n\"That is not my intent\" is quite possibly THE WORST answer. As I said, you NEVER EVER EVER say the word INTENT in court. EVER. let ANYONE except you, use the word, because the burden of proving INTENT is not yours. EVER. Saying \"That was not my intent\", EXCLUDES THE POSSIBILITY from that point on. If you do not INTEND to \"influence\" the court, you are there to harm and/or impose burden on it. That is MORE than enough evidence to SHOW CAUSE, and that's what's happening here.\n\nThey didn't even have to cheat. They win.\n\nThe reason they fear ME, is that they have to cheat to \"beat\" me. I'm BETTER than they are. It's just a fact. I acted Pro Se when they didn't cheat. I won every time. I can do this, because I know more than pretty much EVERY lawyer out there. A lesson many have learned the hard way. Those days are over. Now they just lie when it suits them.\n\n...except when they don't need to. The lesson: DO NOT USE THE WORD *INTENT* IN COURT! EVER!\n\nEVER!\n\nNot even once.\n\nIf nothing else, remember that. And stop trying to speak above your station. It's obvious to who you are speaking to, and it will ALWAYS be used against you in court. ALWAYS! They WANT you to pretend to be smart. They WANT you to try \"act like one of them\". It's why Pete Daoust is never trapped by them. He is HONEST. He doesn't try to pretend he knows more than he does. He also know WHY HE IS THERE! If he was asked \"Are you trying to influence this court\", he would answer, \"Hellos? I ams just beings trying to finds the party with havings the SURETY\"... or something like that.\n\nHE TELLS THE TRUTH. ALWAYS! He does not pick and choose when he's honest, and when he's trying to \"look cool\". \n\nMy \"superpower\" is TRUTH. If you are ALWAYS TRUTHFUL, the court cannot INFLUENCE you, because to do so, would be to accept lies. Most of you live day to day lying all the time, so you don't know how to stop. That's why they don't have to cheat in court... YOU WILL LIE. You don't know how not to. It's how you are programmed.\n\nPete Daoust couldn't believe that, when I told him, those many years ago, so he stopped, and looked. He saw I was right. It changed him forever. For 18 months, he listened ONLY to me, and what I had to say. He did that, because I told the truth, and had NO VICTIMS.\n\nThe ability to claim NO VICTIMS is what sets me above the Menards, Cliffords and piss-drinkin' trannies out there.\n\nUnless you have done what Pete Daoust did, you have NO BUSINESS BEING IN A COURT ROOM WITHOUT AGENCY. NONE!\n\nYou can't do ANY of what Pete Daoust does, unless you can STOP LYING. Do what Pete did! Count the times you lie, every day. You will be amazed at how many times you do. \n\nPete was. \n\nSo he stopped. That's when everything I wrote made sense to him. It was obvious, and he wondered how he lived so long and not noticed.\n\n...then he remembered; He didn't know he was lying all the time.\n\nHe knows how to stop. You don't. STAY OUT OF COURT.\n\nYou are NOT me, and you are NOT Pete Daoust! You are YOU, and you lie all the time. ALL of you.",
   "created_time": "2016-06-14T15:00:03+0000"
 }
