 {
   "id": "462493170453287_1013606882008577",
   "created_time": "2016-06-13T20:06:22+0000",
   "updated_time": "2016-06-18T05:02:54+0000",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "from_id": "927379467328526",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'} {u'name': u'David-Paul Sip', u'id': u'10152093153547397'} {u'name': u'Scott Duncan', u'id': u'927379467328526'} {u'name': u'Scott Duncan', u'id': u'927379467328526'} {u'name': u'David-Paul Sip', u'id': u'10152093153547397'} {u'name': u'David-Paul Sip', u'id': u'10152093153547397'} {u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'} {u'name': u'Scott Duncan', u'id': u'927379467328526'} {u'name': u'David-Paul Sip', u'id': u'10152093153547397'} {u'name': u'David-Paul Sip', u'id': u'10152093153547397'} {u'name': u'Pete Daoust', u'id': u'10201771254270067'}]",
   "message": "David-Paul Sip is now facing a SHOW CAUSE hearing for contempt, AFTER RETAINING COUNSEL. As a result, the three years of work that this group represents, is now going to be wasted.\n\nHe decided to \"scare them\" with \"Scott Duncan says HI\". I warned you people about this. This FRIGHTENS THEM. You say it after you have won. \"Scott Duncan says Hi\" is NOT something you fucking open with!\n\nWell David-Paul Sip attended a hearing WITHOUT COUNSEL (Agency) and ANSWERED QUESTIONS!\n\nThe question was \"Are you trying to influence this court\"?\n\nHe answered \"That was not my INTENT\".\n\n1: The ONLY reason you go to court, is to INFLUENCE it.\n\n2: NEVER EVER EVER EVER DECLARE INTENT IN COURT! EVER!\n\nHe didn't even answer \"no\", which is STILL A LIE. Yes you ARE trying to influence the court. It's WHY YOU ARE THERE!\n\nAs if that's not bad enough, lying and declaring INTENT means you don't even get to rebut their response.\n\nNow David-Paul Sip has attached MY name to his idiocy, and will be \"made an example of\" because they have him LYING ON THE RECORD...and then BACKING IT UP BY DECLARING HIS INTENT! If you don't INTEND to INFLUENCE the court, then you INTEND TO HARM IT. The court can now claim status of INJURED PARTY. The INJURY MAKES THEM A PARTY! \n\nWhat is the LEGAL definition of \"influence\"? Spoiler: It means to enhance or benefit. LOOK IT UP!\n\nHe couldn't have answered with \"I'm not authorized to answer questions\" or even \"I don't feel comfortable answering without counsel\" (who is now off the hook, surety-wise)! No, he had to appear \"clever\" and \"smart\" by using \"smart people words\" like \"that was not my intent.\n\nThe burden is on the opposing party to prove INTENT. NEVER MENTION INTENT IN COURT! EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nThe credibility of THE TENDER FOR LAW as a source of what is true, is now tainted, because some idiot wanted to \"look cool\", and attach MY NAME TO IT.\n\n...and so they will \"make an example\" of him. Other parties will declare \"That's what happens when you listen to Scott Duncan\".\n\nLike Gail Marie, David-Paul Sip will stop publicly declaring that I am not in any way responsible for their ignorance/stupidity, and eventually tell tales of how he was \"blinded\" by what I was saying, just like Gail Marie does.\n\nThe Quatlosers will call him another \"victim\" of what I teach here, all because he wanted to appear \"smart\" in front of strangers.\n\nI can fight off the Gail Marie crap, but not TWO examples. I'm tired of having my name attached to YOUR STUPIDITY. Now it will be used to discredit the whole group.\n\nDavid-Paul Sip will be another Gail Marie. I don't want to play anymore.\n\nPete Daoust was the only one to really get the point of all this.\n\nAll of this reminds me what lying duplicitous pieces of shit you all are.\n\nI'm done.\n\nWe will be making a backup of the group, and then we are packing it all in.\n\nI kept my promise. I should have done this in January. Instead I got inspired by those in Quebec, and stuck around.\n\nI KNEW I shouldn't have.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
