 {
   "id": "535633799805890",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_535599556475981",
   "from_name": "Derek Hill",
   "message": "So im out, went along like this...\n\nGot arrested, thrown in paddy wagong, went into the jail house at the cop shop.\n\nCop \"Name\"\n\nMe \"You telling me you arrested me and dont even know my name?\"\n\nCop \"Name and D.O.B\"\n\nMe \"Not your business for both.\"\n\nCop \"Throw him in a jail cell\"\n\nMe \"Am i charged personally for anything\"\n\nNo response.\n\nWas thrown in a jail cell for not even 5 minutes. Was pulled out, Duty Council showed up and i had to go to those special booths. I knew this duty council from past interactions(not bad)\n\nDuty Council \"So apparently cops tried to charge you, but the crown couldn't find the LAW you broke.\"\n\nMe \"Allegedly i broke some restraining order?\"\n\nDuty Council \"No i get that part, the thing is, they cant find a standing restraining order. Is this your little way on dealing with things like you said months back?\"\n\nMe \"Guess you can say that.\"\n\nDuty Council \"What did you do? You peaked my curiosity\"\n\nMe \"I just VOIDED everything. I got the certified true copies of all the standing orders or current orders whatever you want to call them and i put it right on top \"New Original\" and i put a big VOID on where signature would be, or if there was no place holder then i would put it on the last page where it WOULD be\"\n\nDuty Council \"uh hu....right. Ok well anyways the CROWN is just notifying the Windsor Police Department to release you, they are just completing paperwork.\"\n\nMe \"Ok Thanks\"\n\nDuty Council \"Oh by the way, i got wind of this because i overheard the CROWN talk about VOID and your NAME, you arent one to be forgotten, you are very unorthidox\"\n\nMe \"Uh..thanks?\"\n\nWhen i was being brought back i didnt go back to the jail cell but where they give your stuff back. I was released not even 10 minutes later. Should have seen the cop whoa arrested me on how flustered he was :)",
   "created_time": "2013-07-11T18:08:55+0000"
 }
