 {
   "id": "540060996029837",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_535599556475981",
   "from_name": "Brenda Larson",
   "message": "I was able to get out one kid from CPS's tangled web but now they have gone and hid the other one. I went just now to get a certified true copy of my family court order, and was denied because I have put marks on it and it is in the judges hands now as to what to do with it. Luckily tomorrow is family court day, so I should know what is to become of my situation. They have texted and called my phone and the kids phone, and we never called or texted back. Today was the kid's last chance to call the cps office. Oooooooooh, we are scared. I was supposed to have a visit with the younger one, but surprise they never advised me that it was a no go. As a matter of fact I showed up at the office and the receptionist told the supervisor that I was there. I waited around for 15 minutes and she never came out so, I said fuck that and left. I have an idea where she may be at in another town. I'm waiting to see what will happen tomorrow, and then maybe go on the hunt.  The one funny thing that was taking place at the court house today was that no one would dare put any paperwork down in front of me. They did try giving me copies of the family court order that I had returned to them. They tried really hard. But I told them No, I want a certified true original. The court clerk tried to pass it on to me and when that didn't work, the court administrator tried really hard as well. Too funny.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-22T21:16:08+0000"
 }
