 {
   "id": "538777512824852",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_535599556475981",
   "from_name": "Derek Hill",
   "message": "Update with hearing today.\n\nWas quick only 3 hearings scheduled, mine was first 10am sharp.\n\nwent something along like this.\n\nLawyer \"This motion is brought against the applicant on grounds that even though that all major issues has been settled, we are left with an enormous bill. This financial hardship is impacting my clients ability to travel to work and also a bill unpaid to my place of business in order to continue with my work. A BILL that was CREATED BY THE APPLICANT is unreasonable.\n\nJUSTICE \"What bill is this? I see nothing attached to the affidavit.\"\n\nMe \"Ok thats nice. This isnt my problem, i am only here to see to it. It is important to keep in mind that i VOIDed the orders, i didnt create the bill the bill was there already. Just to clarify, is the RESPONDENT's LAWYER NOT SURETY for this matter?\"\n\nJUSTICE \"If it isnt you then who else would it be?\"\n\nLawyer \"YOUR HONOUR, This is unreasonable. This \"nonsense\" precedure that the applicant has done to think that he can simply VOID orders that simply does not benefit him!\"\n\nMe \"I must require the lawyer for this matter to simply admit that an ORDER is NOT A CONTRACT made by the SUPERIOR COURT OF JUSTICE?\"\n\nJUSTICE \"You want to get that question MISS LAWYER?\"\n\nLawyer is completely silent.\n\nMe \"Do i hear any objections or any evidence to the contrary?\"\n\nMe \"Let the record reflect that no objections were made\"\n\nJUSTICE \"Mr.Hill\"\n\nMe \"Objection, Mister is a subject, Call me Derek\"\n\nJUSTICE \"Ok Derek, what is your defence for this motion?\"\n\nMe \"Well i really dont care if this order is going to be made. The record already reflects that ORDERS are contracts, so i can simply just VOID this one too, i have a sneaking suspicion that the SURETY for this matter is going to be hit with another bill. I do not WISH for that.\"\n\nJUSTICE is staring intently into the case file contemplating what to do. About 60 seconds go by.\n\nJUSTICE \"I do not believe that this order is appropriate. Therefor i am not issuing an order.\"\n\nLawyer \"Thank you your honour.\"\n\nJUSTICE \"Let me say a word, MISS LAWYER. It would be very unwise to ask for any other ORDER that would put the applicant as a party to it. HE has done nothing wrong, and it would be wise for you to dust off some books as you appear to forgotten how we do things here.\"\n\nJUSTICE \"I trust that this is to your satisfaction Derek?\"\n\nMe \"Sure? I dont really care.\"\n\nSo today just reaffirms the VOID method.\n\nMy memory is a bit hazy because i am just so tired and exhausted.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-19T15:09:45+0000"
 }
