 {
   "id": "953367668032499",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_953351081367491",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "I do not know why Dean and Friends ignore and/or omit the Law of Agency. I can speculate, based on my own experience.\n\nIn my case, I had no idea about the Law of Agency, until Scott wrote that article. And I would had not been able to understand it, IF I had not been paying attention since the beginning of the group. \n\nWithin the \"freedumb movements\" you mostly hear/read about laws related to the Constitutions, Magna Carta, Common Law, Natural Law, but NEVER Law of Agency.\n\nOne of the things the programming does to many in these \"movements,\" is to want to ignore and/or DETACH yourself from \"the system.\" You want to pretend you are NOT part of it. So, the idea of being an AGENT of the government is not something a programmed mind wants to do. You don't see yourself as the ADMINISTRATOR/AGENT for the person.\n\nI experienced some of this myself. Something like the \"Notice of Mistake\" may reinforce that idea, to the still confused. The notice it's a complete detachment. You are not even saying you are the Administrator/Agent, one is asking for evidence of such claim. \n\nSo, they either ignore the Law of Agency, because they have never heard of it and/or bother looking, and/or because the programming finds to much an inconvenience to place yourself in the position of AGENT without surety within the system.  It's easier to \"run\" and pretend you are not part of it.\n\nAgain, this is all speculation, based on my own experiences.",
   "created_time": "2016-03-03T15:41:24+0000"
 }
