 {
   "id": "672171989485403",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_671761712859764",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "This guy just wants to \"game the system\" and has NO idea what money even IS...\n\n...Let's look over his \"Private\" messages to me and we can see.\n\nConversation started 7 May\nNeil Friesen\n07/05/2014 11:02\nNeil Friesen\n\nHi Scott, I ask this be kept private please. I was told you may be able to help or give me some ideas - help with CRA. About 4 years ago I was the salemam for a company that also had tax write-off's (the company expenses) clients could deduct. The company was not able to make a profit at that time all though it looks like it's turning around. It was a legal company set up right.\n\n. CRA a few years later disallowed ALL the deductions\n\n.CRA is now coming after all the clients and myself and want their money back from the tax refunds.\n\n. CRA raided my office and my home looking for evidence that I was partner and anything else they could find that may link me to the company, remember I was only the rep. not a shareholder nor an owner.\n\n. CRA wants me to pay 3.3M and house arrest if I plead guilty or Fed Jail time???\n\n. At the same time CRA wants the refunds back with interest from the clients/investors.\n\n. My lawyer wants a retainer for 200K or he walks which he will June 9th when I must go to court to plead, I will plead not guilty. So I will in court with no lawyer.\n\n. My lawyer can't understand why CRA is so aggressive as he knows they have no proof other then I sold the investment. CRA said I copied it from another business that didn't work out... BS as all JVA or business are set up the same. Owner, Shareholder, Partner or Sole Proprietors etc.etc. I was neither.\n\n. We talked to a lawyer before starting and she said all looks good if the company makes money.\n\n. So CRA wants, 3.3M, jail time and all the funds back and when or if the company makes money CRA will demand we pay tax.\n\n. The lawyer thinks CRA wants to make an example of me. I've sold financial products for 35 years with no problem.\n\nAny ideas that may be able to keep me from court or jail? I am not interest in any kind of 'straw man.'\n\nIf you need other info please email me at neilcfriesen@yahoo.ca or call 204-223-9068. I need help ASAP, about 2 weeks left till the 9th of June.\n\nThank you Neil\n\n-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWELL I'D BETTER KEEP THAT PRIVATE then! What with all those \"Financial Products\" being sold. :D\n\nRemember when I said he doesn't know what money is? :D\n\nAs I have NOT kept it private, I don't expect to be \"appreciated\" :D\n\nSecrets are for people ashamed of what they are doing. Since I do not accept undertakings from strangers, I am removing surety by publishing it. :D",
   "created_time": "2014-05-25T19:29:04+0000"
 }
