 {
   "id": "536540979715172",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_536185806417356",
   "from_name": "Brenda Larson",
   "message": "I phoned up power co. To make payment arrangements. They wanted my account number gave them that, and my name. Then they wanted my date of birth or last three digits of my social insurance number. I said no. This always throws them for a loop. Power co. Broad says I can't take your info and access your account and prevent a disconnection order. I told her all I wanted ways to make arrangements not change service or have it disconnected. She said can't help you unless you give me that info. I said so if some else wants to pay my account and they don't have that specific info you won't take that payment. That's right. Well I told her I didn't want any personal info about the account already know everything about it, just want to make payment arrangement. I need that info. You can tell me what you want to do but I can't access your account with out that info. I told her you just want me to commit to the legal person. She said that's right, something to do with government of Nova Scotia and how they set everything up. I went in circles with her for a while and then thought this isn't worth it and gave her date of birth. Then went to pick up corn for our chickens. They wanted phone number and address. This was really starting to piss me off. I said what do you need that for? Oh in case there is a recall on the feed. I said I'm not getting feed, I'm getting corn. Well we can't sell you feed until we get a phone number and address. Ok I'll play you're  little game. They didn't say it had to be my phone number and address.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-14T03:45:55+0000"
 }
