 {
   "id": "554669844568952",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_554497441252859",
   "from_name": "Fred Palmer",
   "message": "I NEVER MADE A CLAIM! The WCB put a check into my account while I was unconscious in hospital. Then when I got out and got a lawyer they said I could not sue because I had cashed a check. They sent another check and another and I tried to get them to stop. They frightened me by telling me I would get no money for at least two years if I sued the company. I finally accepted WCB payments of 75% of my gross wages and medical care for injuries because I wanted to get well and back to work. The problem is not the fact I finally accepted WCB payments, it is PURE DISCRIMINATION TO COMMIT CRIMES AGAINST AN INJURED WORKER AND STILL BE FORCED TO DEAL WITH WCB! THEY ARE CRIMINALS! TORTURERS! MURDERERS! and they have tried to murder me because they knew I was brain injured and crippled for life since day one. They don't want to pay for medical care and retraining or a pension for the rest of my life so they use criminal activity to stress me and torture me with pain and blood clots, and try to murder me with it. I DON'T EVER WANT TO SEE A WCB EMPLOYEE EVER AGAIN! OR A GOVERNMENT PAID MURDERER LIKE THE POLICE! OR WELFARE! OR EASTERN HEALTH! OR ANY LOW LIFE SCUM BAG GENOCIDAL MONSTER! Scott you know what informed consent is? I NEVER GAVE UP MY FUCKING RIGHTS! NO ONE CAN  \"GIVE UP\" THEIR RIGHTS! FUCK GOVERNMENT! THIS IS TYRANNY OF THE WORSE KIND!",
   "created_time": "2013-08-30T18:25:09+0000"
 }
