 {
   "id": "554680547901215",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_554497441252859",
   "from_name": "Fred Palmer",
   "message": "Don't be an ass Scott. I never made a claim and never put that first check in the bank. How could I? I was unconscious in hospital. When I finally did accept it was because of coercion. I did not accept the loss of any other rights just what they told me. The loss of my right to sue in exchange for 75% of my gross wages and medical care for injuries. Nothing more, nothing less. I did not give them permission to control my life and activities. I did not give up my legal rights and did not give up my life to a bunch of criminals so they could ruin it and try to kill me. Bottom line is we are all supposed to be protected by the Criminal Code. Funny isn't it that only one group in Canada loses their basic rights under the workers comp acts isn't it. Legal mumbo jumbo to further traumatize, torture, torment, and terrorize injured workers. I am not the only one. Just ask the families of those who committed suicide or died of other stress related causes. No sir. I accept no blame in what happened to me or the condition I currently find myself in. IF THEY CAN DO THIS TO ME THEY CAN DO IT TO ANYONE IN CANADA! What do you expect a brain injured crippled for life in pain person in this country who just got out of hospital and is going cold turkey from the morphine given in hospital to read every Act and Statute before they make a decision?  No Scott. Workers comp is a Eugenics program started by government and big business that has as its only intention to murder the disabled, or if surviving their attacks on mind and body then living in pain and misery until they die. IT IS GENOCIDE!",
   "created_time": "2013-08-30T19:09:38+0000"
 }
