 {
   "id": "539658816070055",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_539162229453047",
   "from_name": "Chris Evan",
   "message": "Suil....no disrespect whatsoever, but i am sure no one has found this path living on the lap of luxury.  I suspect I lost about the same as u. ....EVERYTHING.  And I had what most would consider a lot.  The only thing I escaped with was the roof over my head.  I had a very successful business, a beautiful girlfriend (she had 2 awesome kids), a [what seemed like a] nice family, a boat, I had nice stuff, vacations, money, etc....95% of that is gone....HISTORY.  I found myself alone with nothing.  Wanna know who took it????  The United States.  Through Income Taxes, Registration Fees, Licensing Fees, Sales Tax....and the kicker that did me in....INFLATION. Then the market crashed and my customers chose saving money over quality....WHATEVER. I now live very HAPPILY and CONTENT.  But angry at the system that I BOUGHT INTO that left me as it did.  \n\nI also live under the same POV you do now....i am very content with what I have.  To further my point, I really don't have many friends since I've found this path.  Most don't understand it.  Some do......it is what it is.  \n\nI understand your point of finding this inside ourselves.....I know what I am, and what I can do.  It is very difficult to communicate that on a virtuously anonymous page though.  I personally am looking for MORE answers.  I know the path has to be walked individually, but I think that is the nature of the post as I have taken it to mean is \"Scott, you seem to have something I want.  How do I attain that?  Am I on the right path?  What is your feedback?\"  And that is it.  \n\nPlease...if anyone on this page HASN'T been beaten by the system we were taught to embrace, correct me!!!!  Better yet, share your story as Suil and I have......",
   "created_time": "2013-07-21T20:47:28+0000"
 }
