 {
   "id": "981564611879471",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_981481755221090",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "How is my position different than Pete Daoust's? It ISN'T! I'm just farther ahead. I know EXACTLY what he's feeling! I was just a child then, but what he feels is NO different.\n\nTRUST but VERIFY. He TRUSTS that wat I say here is TRUE, but he VERIFIES. He learned ENGLISH so he could understand the LEGAL.\n\nHe is VERIFYING that the nightmare of programming and social engineering that he lives in, actually exists. Pete Daoust TRUSTS me, because everytime he VERIFIES something I say, no matter how UNBELIEVABLE it may sound, it is ALWAYS TRUE. ALWAYS.\n\nMy position is simple: I've done my bit for Queen and Country, and when it came time to claim what I worked those decades for, I got shit on for my trouble. The problem is that in order for me to do all that work, I had to know the TRUTH about everything. I swore not to tell one part of government certain things other parts of government and/or the Law Society said. I had to live in a web of lies, they swore was \"necessary\". Funny thing is, I've never actually broken any of those promises! It never occurred to my \"benefactors\" that simple knowledge of the mechanics of the LEGAL MATRIX would be turned into a weapon.\n\nI UNDERSTAND what my name and title mean, and I use them with the same UNDERSTANDING that you have, of rules while driving.\n\nHere's a hidden-in-plain-sight \"rule\" I'll bet few of you know! EVERY BOAT is a traffic signal. It's true! If you are looking at any boat, and you see GREEN, then YOU have Right-of-Way, and if you see RED, then you don't! If you see white,then you are behind them; Pass on the green side. :D",
   "created_time": "2016-04-16T21:58:26+0000"
 }
