 {
   "id": "615991958436740",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_471533439549260",
   "from_name": "Lai Ping Lee",
   "message": "Unlawful Eviction \n\n On January 15, 2013 morning, I was woken up by knocking on the door. So I opened the door. A policeman pushed me aside. I was shocked and trying to understand what was happening then 9 big policemen followed each other and walked into my home uninvited. I was completely dumbfound, terrified, overwhelmed, and speechless. Wondered what this little Chinese girl did to deserve this unlawful invasion by 10 policemen. \n\n I picked myself up from disbelieve and trembled, then requested the policemen to show me some identification. \n\n A man who was wearing policeman like uniform claimed that he is a Sheriff. I asked him for identification, he pulled out a badge and flashed it to my face for a second, then put back into his pocket. In that speedy second, I could not read it. So I demanded to see it properly in order to write down his name and his bond. However, he refused to let me see it again. Just threatened me to comply with court eviction order and get out my house, or else, the policemen will physically remove me out of my home. I responded to him that his is not a lawful Sheriff, since he did not present me his bond. also, he had confirm to me that when Ontario Premier Mike Harris was in office in the late 1990s, he closed down all the sheriff's offices in the province and replaced these seasoned officers with desk clerks. Furthermore, I showed him the evidence about the CANADA government being registered as a corporation under WASHINGTON DC at the SECURITIES and EXCHANGE COMMISSION.\n (Link - www. sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?CLK=0000230098) \n\n This fact proof that I am a sovereign being and did not need to obey the De Facto entity. In addition, I pointed out to him under Criminal Code section 15, I do not need to comply with an order of the De Facto corporation. Nonetheless, the \"Sheriff\" completely ignore my command, gave me an aggravation look then order me to get dressed and get out. \n\n I was extremely frightened to witness that the policemen all have weapons. I felt my life was threatened. In terror, I told the policemen that I am recording this unlawful event, no one can touch me, I would leave my home peacefully. \n\n I valued the Policemen and the law is here to serve and protect human being. This is why our taxpayer hired the Policemen as public servant to uphold human rights. Yet, not one of the Policemen was invited themselves to my home to protect my wellbeing, but instead. I felt the Policemen was here to interrogate me, they harassed me, made me felt unsafe in this land. One said, \"take your medication.\" other said, \" take your passport.\" another said, \"are you a Canada citizen?\" None of the Policemen asked my name, all they cared was intimidating and kicking me out of my home as soon as possible. \n\n But, I did not commit any crime, so under which law gave those policemen lawful reason to charge into my house with force. Without warrant, the policemen all trespassed my private property, as well the policemen all violated my human rights, bullied me to comply unlawful action. That is a criminal offense, all those Policemen knowing the law and broke the law. \n\n I had two witnesses in this unlawful eviction event, one is the building superintendent , other is the person who changed the lock. also, my recording and pictures taken that day as evidence. \n I am presenting this complaint to the Police head office, and command the law enforcement to investigate this harassment.",
   "created_time": "2014-01-24T06:27:05+0000"
 }
