 {
   "id": "699449730090962",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_698056033563665",
   "from_name": "Howard Posehn",
   "message": "I am in the middle of doing my Monday morning rounds on face book and a few different forums. I do this, not to glean information on law, I have everything I need on Law here from Scott, but to see what the guru's are currently claiming and presenting as fact, as they want you to see it. (Also, this is an exercise in gratitude for me. I like to start the week remembering where I rose from.)\nI came across a post on face book, from a self proclaimed freedumb fighter/loser who posted this as follows: Will Ferrell shows how it's done. Self defence, reality style.\nhttps://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=960452547313900&set=vb.100000474902199&type=2&theater\n\nNow, for anyone who is stuck in the belief system, this was a warm welcome from this guru and I'm sure a delight to the fans of Will Ferrell. And since this was posted by a famous guru, no further study was needed, because, well, it came from a guru god so it must be true. Had the guru god read the comments before posting, he would have saved himself the embarrassment of lying to his flock. But since his whole life is base on lying to people for profit, this was just another day at the office.\nOne commenter is amazed with Will Ferrell, saying, \" That was hilarious...looks like he actually has good posture for real.\"\nThen 6 posters and some 12-14 hours later,(Shit, I hit the enter button,) a man with a clue posts that this is not Will Ferrell. This gets a laugh from one poster 5 hours later, then a conformation from another 1 hour after that.\nThen, the grand poobah himself asks, \" Who is it? Sure looks like him...\"\nThis is who it is in real life:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYQTC2hI8I8&list=UUxrd1I7wmE2chwpoqD4DSTA&index=36\n\nScott has told us all that we think wrong and value the wrong things. He has said that all belief is evil. Here is a good example of believing in the wrong thing. Of course the thing here is an it. A peanut brained it with a peanut butter theory.\nIf you are able to read this, you are at the right place for learning.\nI am grateful to be able to share this moment in time here at the Tender for Law with you. Hope to see many of you in the future.",
   "created_time": "2014-07-28T16:25:46+0000"
 }
