 {
   "id": "698126650223270",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_698056033563665",
   "from_name": "Alan Day",
   "message": "The great purge hath arrived.  I'll admit this is something I have been fearing, since I come from the Dean Clifford Free-Dumb side of things.  Thankfully that is something that has been very easy to purge in itself.\n\nScott, this is your jurisdiction and as such I am at your mercy.  All I know is, this place is where the answers are.  I've only posted a few times as I've been following the silence is golden rule. (Because of that free-dumb thing).  And also because what is discussed here is somewhat new to me.  But everything is starting to come together nicely.  The pieces are beginning to fit to the point now where I am going to be putting things into practice.\n\nThis group and everybody on here is amazing. Everyone here is an ADULT. (With some exceptions. But they don't last long).  I go out into the world and I see and/or hear nothing but children in adults bodies. (I can certainly see why you want to kill everybody.  Sometimes it's tempting). I am here on The Tender For Law everyday and it feels like normality and reality when I am here.  Am I an expert in The Tender For Law? Far from it, but I feel like I am home and I cant get enough.\n\nIf I get purged-\n\n1. I would like to thank the members who actively post.  It is always a joy to read the things you say.  From the serious discussions to the shit stirring amongst the members.  I've quietly had some good laughs behind this monitor as well as sat in awe of some of the information presented.\n\n2. I'll continue to study what I have learned here on The Tender For Law, with the hopes of gaining entry again further on down the track and also to gaining some kind of freedom.  \n\n3.Now I know you aren't one for thanks Scott but stiff shit.  You have certainly made me re-evaluate my life.  My thinking is becoming different.  The way I see things now are different. I analyze things differently.  Fucking everything is becoming different. It is or it isn't. It's on or it's off. It's up or it's down. It can or it can't etc. I blame you.....but thanks.  It's for the better. You're a pretty cool dude :)\n\nWell fuck. my two cents turned into a small rant.  Hope I'm here tomorrow.",
   "created_time": "2014-07-25T04:24:36+0000"
 }
