 {
   "id": "698848023484466",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_698056033563665",
   "from_name": "Age Thomson",
   "message": "Thank-you for that Ceit Butler. As a newbie myself, that is pretty spot on from where I sit. \n\nI basically just try to keep up with current posts during the work week, and then go all in during my time off on the older stuff. I am SOOOOOO grateful for those archive posts that were done.\n\nI must also thank Pete Daoust for his comment above, because I too, am fucking angry about how I am being constantly fucked by this system. It is my wish, that I can teach the truth to my children, but first I must know it myself. This group has been a VERY positive influence for me these last couple of months. I have you all to thank for this. \n\nI had spent years believing that things were fucked up and not knowing how to prove it. By coming here to this group EVERY day, reading the old posts, and reading the files section, I am able to take those beliefs and either prove them to be true (by fact checking), or to discard them altogether. I've spent my whole life knowing how to read, but not knowing how to UNDERSTAND and to VERIFY. That seems to be the most important thing I have gained so far from you all. The ability to hold a thought in my head, analyze it, and decide it's worth, before accepting it into my brain to stay. 2 + 2 = 4, no matter who says it. The Truth is the Truth, no matter who says it.\n\nAs Scott says \"Trust, but VERIFY!!!\"\n\nAlthough I often cannot get to a computer to dig deep into looking things up on my own during the work week, I print articles and PDF's to read on my lunch or during travel time. (You should see the looks I get over lunch when I pull out the Bills of Exchange Act).\n\nShould I not be around after the \"cull\", I would like to put all of the admins on NOTICE, that I will be requesting to come back in as soon as I am able! :)",
   "created_time": "2014-07-27T02:21:55+0000"
 }
