 {
   "id": "698396336862968",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_698056033563665",
   "from_name": "David-Paul Sip",
   "message": "I joined this group earlier in the year and have been completely absorbed by both the information and opportunity to learn since. The shits and giggles that is the TTFL is a bonus that has left me in stitches at times. The brutal honesty has been thoroughly refreshing. The TRUTH and bluntness of the Admiral's posts on Dean Clifford's page drew me here. The TRUTH is irrefetuble when encountered and Admiral Scott knew more and wasn't afraid to let folks know about it. This is what I like about this man and yet I've watched many fucktards judge him for this...but I won't. The TRUTH is all that I care for and I prefer it PLAIN, no sweetners or sugar coated lies.\n\nI have encountered much of the FREE-DUUUUMB lies. I managed to keep an open mind while reserving the right to not believe any of it. \n\nWhen I began reading I was already prepared to lien the FUCK OUTTA the PERSON I have. But then I began reading and then I discovered  a different approach that achieved the same end. It made sense to me because of my experience/exposure to corporate entities and trusts. So I took the Admiral's advice and took my foot off the peddle to READ first. It's never ending it seems and I sometimes wonder if I will ever read through everything, but I'm loving every minute. \n\nAmong my first tasks each day is to get caught up by reading what transpired the night before. I admit I'm mainly hoping to see the latest casualties Capitain Pete has added to his hit list. I feel like I get to live vicariously through him every time the hammer is dropped. I have been reading as much as I can and contributing where possible because learning is doing. I look forward to deploying and teaching other folks what I have learned here in due time. Oh and while I'm at it building my own bank :D",
   "created_time": "2014-07-25T21:42:45+0000"
 }
