 {
   "id": "462493170453287_698056033563665",
   "created_time": "2014-07-25T00:48:58+0000",
   "updated_time": "2015-04-15T23:33:36+0000",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "from_id": "927379467328526",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "LADIES AND GENTLEMEN: IT'S TIME FOR OUR SEMI-ANNUAL PURGE!\n\nA sizeable portion of you are cops, infiltrators, and/or just plain delusional sacks-of-shit who listen to FRAUDULENT sacks-of-shit, like Trent Goodbaudy and Robert Menard.  \n\nSo it's time to cull the herds.  \n\nAs you examine the events of the past month, you'll notice there is a lot of anti-Scott sentiment in the FREE-DUMB movement.  Their complaints appear to be either \"shit they made up\" or that I in some way \"hurt their feelings\"; so much so that Robert Menard has gone from lying through ommission to just plain flat-out-lying about what words mean.  He supports his position with his really compelling \"Peanut Butter Theory\", which appears to be far more compelling than telling you what the actual words mean.  If you think the courts don't take you seriously now, wait until you wander into court with the \"Peanut butter theory\".  \n\nSo, as usual, adults with imaginary friends will be purged.  If you think you can read \"auras\", and that spirits are real, you will also be removed.  If you're a member of three hundred groups, there's no fucking way you're reading this one, so you probably won't even notice that we're missing.  Seriously, if you are a member of 300 groups, you're not reading ANY of them.  \n\nI started the next phase of your education with AGENCY and the \"ARTIFICIAL PERSON\".  If you don't know what I'm talking about, please inform an administrator so you can be immediately ejected.  It was the last article I posted so it's either fresh in your mind...or you're gone.  We're going to reduce the group back down to 90 members or so, and then I'm going to teach you some serious LEGAL weaponry.  It's time to start shaking the foundation of the system.  \n\nTo those of you being \"banished\", here are a few of the upcoming items you simply aren't good enough to read:\n\nAGENCY AND LIMITED LIABILITY PARTNERSHIPS\nMONETIZING SECURED BONDS\nSECURITIZING DAMAGES FROM THE INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND\nHOMICIDE FOR FUN AND PROFIT\nCHICKS FOR FUN AND PROFIT\nPROFIT FOR FUN AND PROFIT\nPROPHESY FOR FUN AND PROFIT\nTACTICAL WEAPONRY WITH OFF-THE-SHELF EQUIPMENT\nTOTAL SPACE-SHIP GUY\nCUTTING ONES\nCHEESING PEOPLE OFF\nDOING SOME OTHER THINGS\n\n... all this and more!\n\nThose of you who survived the FIRST WAVE don't need to worry about this.  If you made it through the last purge there is no reason you should worry about this one, although it's nice to hear from you in the threads.  Only \"the regulars\" actually post here so, with a membership of over 600 people, I am afflicted with the same question as most late-night DJ's: \"Is anyone listening\"?  These purges are the only time I get to find out, and if you are actually listening to what I'm saying, then you're the ones I'm doing this for.  The value of what I publish here won't truly be recognized for at least another five years, but some of you are seeing the value now.  All I need is evidence that you exist.  As you may have guessed I'm not a Christian...I'M BETTER THAN JESUS!  I promise to answer an equal or greater number of prayers than your current Jesus.\n\nI hope those who are about to be purged will enjoy not reading these fabulous literary masterpieces, or any other gold in the comments.  For everyone else not wishing to be purged, make a post here, and justify your existence.\n\nIt should be noted that those who are members of our Battlefield 2142 resurrected group enjoy special immunity from all of these purging policies, as this places you at a level of \"coolness\" which makes these purges beneath you.  Plus, we get to metaphorically \"shoot you in the head\".  \n\nThis purge will take place over the next 10 days as I am blessed with extra staff, all of whom need the serious stress relief that booting members seems to provide.\n\nIs everyone seated comfortably?..LET THE PURGE BEGIN!\n\nhttp://youtu.be/EO1061QisVs",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
