 {
   "id": "618045694898033",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_617180361651233",
   "from_name": "David Johansen",
   "message": "no, i'm reading it as i try to wing it. i dont know what 'class' means. i found htmlgoodies.com but it didnt explain css code. i sort of know what it does, and thats what i want to do (several pages all using the same header/footer/background so the pages artwork dont have to reload.\n\ni've been busy trying to work on both a rewrite for the page and trying to grasp more of the SEO stuff someone pointed out to me the site needed.\n\nso i was working on that thismorning over coffee, took a break and got this thread threat thrown in my face as you've seen.\n\ni had to invite you to interject before i said something that would have given pierre no choice but to drop me off the group.\n\nso now i'm in here relaxing before i spend an hour or so in the bit talk forum looking at the hardware others are saying works good. I want to help chris build the mining rigs he wants, he has no clue about how hardware works, and atleast i KNOW hardware, how it works and i could fake booting to a flash drive with an OS on it.  i can read and figure most things out with a little homework. i am not THAT retarded [not as in ignition timing] (they call it autism), i am supposed to be smart\n\n i did pull out the backup puter, p4 2.53G w/1Gb ram AGP 8x w a 4Mb card XP pro II. & a seagate 10Gb have to remember how to find the mac address so i can configure the router to allow it...\n\nthese things take time. a 15 minute coffee break takes me atleast an hour and a half.\n\nhttps://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=37880.0",
   "created_time": "2014-01-29T06:09:31+0000"
 }
