 {
   "id": "617851314917471",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_617180361651233",
   "from_name": "Pete Daoust",
   "message": ":D ....I love these type of fucktard :D .....\n\n!!!This listing is for 10,000 (ten thousand) Dogecoin.!!!\n\n***Please read the following information carefully***\nIn order to Buy this coin: \n- You must have a dogecoin WALLET to  receive the coins. \n- Let the wallet sync after downloading (IMPORTANT)\n\nImportant!!!\nAfter clicking the 'Buy it now' button and BEFORE you purchase this through PayPal, I need you to send me this declaration, please copy and paste.\n\nI am happy and I fully understand what I am purchasing. I understand that once I have committed to buying the dogecoins and payment has been made, I will send a message with my receiving dogecoin wallet address, and that the wallet is fully sychronised and ready to receive the dogecoin. I will do this within 10 mins of purchase. \n\nFailure to do this will result in cancellation of the order immediately and a report against the eBay member. \nVerified PayPal accounts ONLY!!!\n\nThe buying process works like this:    \n\n1. Click Buy It now to buy the Dogecoin \n\n2. Send me the declaration.\n\n3. Pay for it using your PayPal account. OR AIB bank transfer for Irish buyers.\n\n4. Message me your dogecoin wallet address   \n\n5. Receive the dogecoin in your wallet.\n\n6. Feedback \n\n** Please ensure the address given is correct as the transfer is irreversible. It is buyer responsibility to give the right address.  Refund will not be provided once the transfer commenced. **\n\nIf you do not understand what you are buying, do not purchase!!\n\nIf I feel that the buyer is fraudulent or seems suspicious I will cancel the order and report you.",
   "created_time": "2014-01-28T18:09:34+0000"
 }
