 {
   "id": "986431264726139",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_981483405220925",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "Ok, let me explain something to you, Jim Nicoll.\n\nAll money is DEBT IN TRANSIT. So there is no magical accounts with cash waiting to be retrieved. It's all DEBTS, in negative accounting. \n\nYou can either BUY debts (by PAYING), OR DISCHARGE them using the surety of your person. The question is: how do you know which debts you MUST pay, and which ones you may DISCHARGE?\n\nYou have private debts, and public debts. All debts.\n\nA private debt is, for example, a credit card, a loan or mortgage to a bank, or a cell phone service. For those you VOLUNTARILY ASKED FOR THEM, and signed a contract PROMISING you would PAY. NOT discharge! And your SIGNATURE it's PROOF of CONSENT, and UNDERSTANDING. \n\nA public debt you DID NOT asked for it. Those are debts like income taxes, criminal charges, property taxes, etc. Those debts are IMPOSED on your person. You did not asked for taxes, that was imposed via legislation. You did not asked to get charged with \"resisting arrest.\" A cop (THE PUBLIC) did. See how it is?\n\nIt is ONLY PUBLIC DEBT that you may DISCHARGE using the surety of your person. You read that? ONLY PUBLIC DEBT. \n\nBUT... there is a catch! By ignorance, we can BELIEVE that the only way to deal with this public debt is by PAYING. Some AGENCY sends YOU some paper saying your person owes a debt, and then by IGNORANCE you go and GIVE your SIGNATURE in that paper as PROOF of CONSENT, and UNDERSTANDING that NOW YOU are going to be the responsible party for that debt. If you give your signature, you NO LONGER can discharge that debt, because you PROMISED to PAY for it.\n\nWas that clear, Jim Nicoll?",
   "created_time": "2016-04-26T01:03:45+0000"
 }
