 {
   "id": "695989217103680",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_695326923836576",
   "from_name": "John Trew",
   "message": "That's my own conclusions based on years of studying.  \"Does this include a vendor/contractor's lien?\"  Sure there are a few more types of liens... check out http://www.archive.org/stream/atreatiseonlawl02jonegoog#page/n117/mode/2up  The fact of the matter is if you have a valid contract you don't need a lien in most instances because you can simply sue in court then garnish income and have the sheriff seize and auction assets if they don't pay the judgment. But for that if they respond and don't default you have to convince the judge you did it properly, i.e. the other party has to clearly agree and intend to enter into contract. Unilateral notices, silent acquiescence, aren't typically considered binding in contract law... That's a \"freedumber\" misconception. A better approach might be to demand a certain type of action to signify agreement that they are likely to perform, so you can use their performance to claim they expressly agreed. Filing a PPSA without an enforceable basis is simply an end-run around the law, an abuse of the system. If the \"debtor\" challenges it in court you will lose.\n\nDidn't we learn anything from Meads v. Meads?\n\n[525]      Punitive damages are warranted when a person bases a legal action or files a spurious lien or personal property claim on the basis of a foisted unilateral agreement. The courts have authority to indemnify the legal costs of a litigant who is forced to defend against a foisted unilateral agreement scheme: Williams v. Johnston, 2008 CanLII 63194 (ON SC), [2008] O.J. No. 4853 (QL) at para. 15, 2008 CanLII 63194 (Ont. S.C.), affirmed 2009 ONCA 335 (CanLII), 2009 ONCA 335, 176 A.C.W.S. (3d) 609, leave refused [2009] S.C.C.A. No. 266; MBNA Canada Bank v. Luciani, 2011 ONSC 6347 (CanLII), 2011 ONSC 6347 at para. 17.",
   "created_time": "2014-07-19T21:11:30+0000"
 }
