 {
   "id": "462493170453287_525437614158842",
   "created_time": "2013-06-15T17:46:50+0000",
   "updated_time": "2013-06-15T17:46:50+0000",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "from_id": "1.01539996628005E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "The UNIVERSAL POSTAL UNION and 'paying' for things with STAMPS- thread. . .\n\nAladdin Sane: forgot the link: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2086848/Check-President-Abraham-Lincoln-wrote-day-killed-discovered-bank-vault.html\n\nAladdin Sane: Is the UPU the highest jurisdiction?\n 2\nBlake Gardner: Value/consideration\n\nBlake Gardner: Currency\n\nAladdin Sane: I'm wondering if it also has to do with being the \"common carrier?\"\n\nAdam Thomas: Its LAWFUL CURRENCY.\nNOT LEGAL TENDER.\n\nAdam Thomas: TRUST LAW IS THE HIGHEST....WANK...\n\nBlake Gardner: And what is a trust but a contract:-)\n\nDerek Moran: TRADING STAMPS has its own section in the Criminal Code here in Canada. Kate of Gaia has covered about how people have no idea just how much of an influence the UPU has over the rest of the world. Theres some sort of document out there that covers it at length too..a treaty, i think\n\nDavid Johansen: YOU cancel the stamp which enjoins them as a party, subjecting the document to mail fraud if it is not accepted\n\nShawn Ofthefamily Folkes: I think I liked Chiefrocks answer the best...\nBut if we are talking about affixing stamps and all that...\nThe UPU is considered higher than any government, hence the power of the stamp...which, as I have come to understand it, is to be affixed to the BACK bottom corner. That is the very end of the document....kinda like you having the last say, and is to be signed diagonally in certain colors, like purple or gold.\nSome stuff:\nhttp://www.likumi.lv/doc.php?id=195295\n\nShawn Ofthefamily Folkes: Some better stuff:\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dc4h9Qi9brs&feature=youtube_gdata_player\n\nShawn Ofthefamily Folkes: ...after oh....three or four minutes into the above video....youll quickly see why I prefer to stick to chiefs response lol\n\nBlake Gardner: Yeah - simplicity is easier to hold, communicate and stand on:-)\n\nDerek Moran Reprobata pecunia liberat solventem. Money refused\nreleases the person paying (or offering payment).\n\nShawn Ofthefamily Folkes: You can actually use your thumb print....if we are gonna go down the stamp road. And yes Blake... that public should be Public...as in universal public. It (stamps) certainly have an assigned value. The basix unit I believe is $.02 U.S. this is the lowest universal standard for the minimum cost of a stamp. It is the most basic tender for law, your most basic payment for contract, because when governments fail sone system must be in place that ensures exchanges can occur between peoples in the case of government failure and collapse so a new one can be reestablished . A system has to be in place (and is) where people can continue to do shit -like contract with each other, the basis of all shit, and have some universal system in place so that shit can get done, no matter what....including what currency. This is where a completely electronic currency would should and will come in place....for one thing...no borders. No empty Forts full of metals we rape out of the ground that are more available in countries that....without it....would contribute Jack shit to the global economy. Other than our fucking greed, gold, for example, like silver and copper....makes a great conductor for electronics and should be used and valued as such.\n\nAnyhow.... I get why sheeps dont get shit. See...it all begins with understanding that money is debt. They CANNOT admit that. Once you admit that the answer is very simple: get rid of money and you get rid of debt. And since most politicians talk about debt, youd be getting rid of the need for most of them. Most of rhe \"police\" people wouldnt be needed. Youd be getting rid of greed....like our greed for gold thats really just another fucking metal. That I don't believe in. But nooooo you cant get rid of money because money is debt and debt exists to fuel greed and getting rid of greed? there's too much money in that. Money....? Ah!\n\nAdam Thomas POLLEX = THUMB PRINT = BETTER THAN SIGNATURE!!\n\nJoseph Davia: Here in NZ theres a guy on fb - look/search for \"Pirate Bill Turner NZ\" he has a few vids on there regarding this subject....but have had a friend try this process to pay ACC levies - they sent it all back to him stating they don't accept this form of payment and threatened him with \"using a document to gain pecuniary advantage\" they also quoted the law regarding stamp duty in NZ but they still refused the payment.\n\nAdam Thomas: The 5cent postage stamp with the RUBBER STAMP STATING.....STAMP DUTY PAID .....ON TOP OF THE 5CENT STAMP IS JOINDER FOR THE CROWN. IT BINDS THEM TO THEIR ACTS TO FUCKING ACT....IT IS THUS A CROWN INSTRUMENT.\n\nAdam Thomas: NON NEGOTIABLE\nNON TRANSFERRABLE\nWITHOUT RECOURSE\nFINISHES & COMPLETELY COMPLETES THE INCHOATE INSTRUMENT OR FINALISES THE INSTRUMENT. ..\nV O I L A...LAWFUL CURRENCY HAS BEEN CREATED TO SETTLE & DISCHARGE.\nF I N I S H E D !!\n\nHarold Austerman: www.assistingvesel.com\n\nHarold Austerman: http://assistingvessels.wordpress.com/\n\nHarold Austerman: ^^^^^^^Involving the authority of the UPU is automatically invoked by the use of postage stamps. Utilization of stamps includes putting stamps on any documents (for clout purposes, not mailing) we wish to introduce into the system. As long as you use a stamp (of any kind) you are in the game. If you have time, resources, and the luxury of dealing with something well before expiration of a given time frame, you can use stamps that you consider ideal. The most preferable stamps are ones that are both large and contain the most colors. In an emergency situation, or simply if economy is a consideration, any stamp will do. Using a postage stamp and autograph on it makes you the postmaster for that contract.\nWhenever you put a stamp on a document, inscribe your full name over the stamp at an angle. The color ink you use for this is a function of what color will show up best against the colors in the stamp. Ideal colors for doing this are purple (royalty), blue (origin of the bond), and gold (king's edict). Avoid red at all cost. Obviously, if you have a dark, multi-colored stamp you do not want to use purple or blue ink, since your autograph on it would not stand out as well if you used lighter color ink. Ideally one could decide on the best color for his autograph and then obtain stamps that best suit one's criteria and taste. Although a dollar stamp is best, it is a luxury unless one is well off financially. Otherwise, reserve the use of dollar stamps for crucial instruments, such as travel documents. The rationale for using two-cent stamps is that in the 19th Century the official postage rate for the de jure Post Office of\n\nAdam Thomas: VALUABLE CONSIDERATION is the STAMP itself as its LAWFUL CURRENCY.\n\nAdam Thomas: STAMP DUTY PAID\n\nAdam Thomas: It's LAWFUL CURRENCY boys....go ask a postmaster General.\n\nAdam Thomas: He knows what to do with them. IF he's smart he'll receipt it for you. If not then he's a DUMB KUNT....\n\nAdam Thomas: The sky is the limit with these baby's. ...too good.\n\nAdam Thomas: ANYTHING IN THE WHOLE FUCKING WORLD CAN BE PAYED FOR USING THIS PROCESS...\n\nAdam Thomas EXCEPT NON-AMENDABLE INSTRUMENTS.",
   "link": "http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2086848/Check-President-Abraham-Lincoln-wrote-day-killed-discovered-bank-vault.html",
   "name": "Last check for $800 Abraham Lincoln wrote the day before he was assassinated is discovered after...",
   "caption": "dailymail.co.uk",
   "description": "The Lincoln check had been made out to 'self' for $800. It is one of 70 found in a vault at Huntington Bank's Columbus headquarters in Ohio.",
   "source": "",
   "type": "link",
   "place": "None"
 }
