 {
   "id": "682690638433538",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_681999215169347",
   "from_name": "Chris Evan",
   "message": "Mathew, I have tried to help you...I have shown you to the water, I cannot make you drink.  I see you spending all your time philosophizing with folks of a slave mindset.  I am not sure if you are trying to gauge where you are or gauge where they are.  ALL the answers to your questions are here and by the way you are phrasing them, I can see that you haven't spent as much time READING as you have philosophizing with slaves.  This group has REAL LIFE solutions!  Not some cum dickus assus which I can assure that you didn't get from here.  \n\nThis also goes out to the newbies.  A few of us have worked VERY hard in here.  I specifically have asked a lot of dumb questions and done a lot of dumb things, but it wasn't due to laziness....it was due to my programming.  Scott Duncan has told us from the beginning that he can only answer the questions asked...he cannot hold responsibility on your comprehension of the answer.  I understand that now....\n\nMackximus has posted ALL of the stuff that has happened in here.  It would be wise to read it.  A few of us have been here since the beginning and could possibly refer you to the correct threads if needed, or possibly show you the right direction.  But, I am not sure there is too much anyone can do if you don't take the time to actually  LEARN what is going on.  As Scott says \"Your ignorance is not equal to knowledge\"",
   "created_time": "2014-06-18T14:43:09+0000"
 }
