 {
   "id": "512079215494682",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_511974152171855",
   "from_name": "Shawn Folkes",
   "message": "In my case I was pulled over a few days after the existing insurance papers had expired. Since there was a vehicle switch on the Ulrike vehicle insurance package there was a delay in getting my new pink slip...from NY PARENTS....who the car was registered to as well as the insurance. I showed the cop a stack of chronologically ordered pink slips, with the last one expiring about ....6 days before the pull over, from which I drove away at the time. Same cop charged me again a few days later...so I bit two driving without insurance, even though I didn't own the vehicle. They mailed my court date to an address I moved from, and I divided I'd pay the fine for failure to PRODUCE...but they convicted me of failure to HAVE and gave me the max x2. When I got my old mail I found the verdict that was rendered in NY absence and when I Went to court the court birch said I had to pay the whole fine -10 I, before I could bring it up to contest it. I said bullshit....and left. I got driving while under suspension (cuz I couldn't re.edu, of course) twice and received a few fines....biggest one being MY last at 700, which I ain't paid. Some collections agency has been calling me and putting me immediately on hold....costing ME if I answer them. So I don't answer them, and I ain't contracting with any third parties...ESP. when a driving while under suspension is the fine they are seeking to extract and extort from me. \n\nInteresting to note that Maritime or Admiralty courts can not be held in the same court as common or civil law, or be presided upon by a civil or common law judge. So the judge could only have any type of authority to speak to your \"entity\" if he/she is a Maritime judge. And then they become open to recognizing your sovereignty and opening the question of valid juris diction. \n\nRegarding my BC... I never got one. So it's never either been mine (it never could be anyways, as it's property of the Government corp., not MINE) And the existing SIN they have doesn't even state my proper name.... I have four full names and it only says there. And I duck with them by giving cops my two middle names...they can't refute it, cuz they are my names...not theirs.\n\nGonna be interesting to hear a judge tell me why I cannot execute my right to earn a livelihood, ESP when I can prove it's vital that I be able to navigate the roads in a vehicle to earn my living. \n\nThey attempted to offer me a \"payment plan\" which I have declined...you can't get fucking blood from stone..and ESP when the interest (what IS that supposed to be....incentive to pay? Did I \"borrow\" that fine? ) is almost triple the principle. I just don't get their logic on the interest.\n\nSo I will do whatever I can now....latest thing they said was to make a motion to set aside and go from there. Motion? Petition? Notice? Affidavit? IM assessing NOW what to serve.... I clearly need to read more of Scots posts. \nWhat disgruntled and worries NE....is that IM pretty ducking good in courts...but much of this is new to ME...yet I see others going into court I'll equipped with nothing more that a few lines with no real MEAT behind it...or sufficient knowledge, balls and ammo to really stymie the court. We need some GOOD court footage! \nI for one will be answering everything they say irrespective of what it is with at least TWO questions.....every time. And I won't let the court dismiss me.... I will be the one dismissing them....once I get all the right ammo in my head, and clear out the old trash",
   "created_time": "2013-05-11T21:38:25+0000"
 }
