 {
   "id": "512027095499894",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_511974152171855",
   "from_name": "Shawn Folkes",
   "message": "Can you really be held accountable to anything they say/do then? If they are going to deliberately act behind your back ...how can they claim you have any  responsibility to things you have no knowledge or understanding of? How can one be surety to that? \nToo bad she didnt call you beligerant! \n\nId like to hear about your bc...because I don't have one and never have. And im also curious because none of the government shit I have been given to identify me to their accountant fucks....has my correct name on them. Not a single one....only my birth registration has my full name.\n\nIm following your story as I am about ti launch into a big fight over driving and my license thats been suspended for unpaid fines for 13 years and interest (interest....they charge you interest on a fine. If that doesnt say it all...) has amassed to over 35k. But now I graduated in a trade and need to operate a vehicle to make a living. And if they ultimately cock block me from earning an honest living, I can officially say that I have to live by my own devices, and do whatever I have to....including Life, to assert my right to earn a fucking living.\nCuz really, if Im driving my work van and a cop goes to take it....I will resist that shit with wxtreme prejudice. And im fine with saying that publicly....cantbsay I didnt warn any ine, and it doesnt change the reality that I WILL be extreme if my livlihood is tampered with. So it doesnt matter.....anything after the fact Is after the fact. So they better not tread on me.\n\nSo keep us posted!",
   "created_time": "2013-05-11T18:18:09+0000"
 }
