 {
   "id": "615120031857266",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_615001918535744",
   "from_name": "Shawn Cornell Folkes",
   "message": "I have to send the notices. I attempted to give them some but the jp flat out refused. \n\nThats when she started getting up to run.\nthe question of prood of claim...one of a few questions I attempted to ask them. I went to great lengths to indicate that I was appearing under restricted special appearance as a courtesy in a public record...and specified the verbal and physical intimidation by the police...and yay they were right there as visible proof. \n\nAgain... I spoke very clearly...but very calmly and at no time raised my voice or used a rude tone. I indicated my calling and spelled who I am (capital T...lower case h lower case a lol). I indicated that there were a number of questions I had for the court before anything could be discussed...but yeah I realized shes a JP...so I decided to fuck with them on another angle. The real opportunity...the real battle...will be before a judge not a glorified law clerk. I realized that...so I said that after reading the garbage its clear that there has been no meeting of the minds...and started that this could be accomplished in a prelim...where someone can step up and answer my questions... one being proof of claim.  She said I cant have one.  I said sure I can based on her rules not mine. Indictable offence (of course that was the checked off box in the garbage disclosure...that and that the crown would seek jail...in their threatening inrimidation propaganda literature shit). \n\nLong story short...a pre trial is now set before a judge. I will of course make sure all my documentation is in order and sent by registered mail.\n\nill also be charging those pigs for putting their hands on me today",
   "created_time": "2014-01-21T22:45:39+0000"
 }
