 {
   "id": "615794175123185",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_615001918535744",
   "from_name": "Steve Lemieux",
   "message": "Tha Baztard, you should be able to \"stand\" and kill any allegation wit the notice of mistake. The topic's on how to stand with it has really been beaten to death in these threads. READ them and GO ASK YOUR QUESTIONS.\n\nBut for entertainment, let's ponder other methods:\n\nHave you had a chance to inspect the original charging instrument? If you can get them to cough it up (is it not your right to inspect it?), turn it over, endorse it on the back and tell them - \"There you go, you've been paid, the account's settled, it was a pleasure doing business with you.\" and leave.\nI supposed you could make a bond and give it to them for payment. THEY need the account BALANCED, so? Balance the account. Isn't it ALL about accounting and surety?\n\nFuck, if you want, start asking THEM how you can can HELP THEM balance their ledger. How's this question sound?\n\n\"Mr Justice, I realize this court is looking for a surety to settle the account and balance the books of the court here today, but, personally, I'd rather not have my physical vessel detained any longer in this matter as I need to work,feed and take care of said vessel. Would it be appropriate, if instead of FORCING surety on me for payment, I wrote this court a setoff bond and settled this matter right here, right now?\"\n\nMaybe add - \"Why would I, the consciousness occupying this vessel, have to suffer harm and torment because of my LEGAL person's accounting issues?\"\n\nWhat I'm saying is to EXPOSE what is TRULY going on in there. SURETY and ACCOUNTING.\n\nAnd if after that they continue and find you guilty, tell them \"Well, I've carefully considered your offer here today, but I DON'T CONSENT to your non-positive law, your judgement and I'm going home now. Bye.\" and walk out.\n\n;)",
   "created_time": "2014-01-23T17:58:55+0000"
 }
