 {
   "id": "615924608443475",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_615001918535744",
   "from_name": "Shawn Cornell Folkes",
   "message": "This all fine by me. Esp when the cops assaulted me. That was witnessed by many and undoubtedly caught in court security.  So...aside from my own charge (threatening death and/or bodily harm to unnamed and unknown government officials...reported in 2012 to the police by an informant who was wacked out on her anti depression and anti psychotic meds....who copied and pasted shit from my page...merged it with hers..and gave that to the pigs as her \"evidence\"). See...when I hve exhausted all avenues...all LEGAL...if I do not receive justice...monetary compensation, letters of apology...whatever I decide I want (within reason of course... I dont expect a million dollars) welltthen ibcan say I tried to do things the right way. And then I will be legitimtely left with no recourse...but to seek my retribution on my own. And of course by then Ill have all the info I need in those officrrs... esp. one in particular. Then  MAYBE... ill do some stuff Scott would surely blow a fat wad over...and do some shit Im sure we have allwwanted to do.\nFunny... that cop threatened to break my \"scrawny neck\". \nReally. We will see about that..regardless of the outcome of the other shit.\nHe said he hopes we run into each other on the street?\nSo do I\nI wont be acting like a vic then...oh no I wont.\n\nKeep us posted on your battle Chris",
   "created_time": "2014-01-24T00:57:13+0000"
 }
