 {
   "id": "615038678532068",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_615001918535744",
   "from_name": "Shawn Cornell Folkes",
   "message": "Haha that bitch jp mentioned case law regarding \"freemen\" I said ...what? Im not one of those...you labelling or branding me? \nI told them the notice of mistake and said that im o ly identifying myself under serious duress and intimudation...and pointed out the four thugs that were in the court...that werent there til u was called. I told her no meeting of the minds has occurred and that the disclosure was garbage. When I asked her who she was and what capacity she had...jp... I basically dismissed her....cuz she cant do shit but set dates.\nthey tried time and again to get me to take the disclosure back but I refused and told them im not employed as a garbage collector. You should have heard my voice. Cool as a cucumber.\nbut wait...theres more!\nI went back to my seat (I only crossed thr bar after indicating the nature of my specific duress and said im there under special restricted appearance and dont consent otherwise to shit) I grabbed my scaef and coat...and had four cops up my ass. I turned and asked\" can I help you?\" He said yeah get the fuck out. I was like I am....juat packing my stuff...to which he pushed up on me. I said \" are you threatening me?\" (No...I didnt...but should have used Don Cornholios voice)...cop said yeah im threatening you...im gonna snap your scrawny neck.\nI asked under what authority...what law...is he assaulting me. He said \"vecause youre stupid\". I said ok...im stupid...thats against the law? That gives you jurisdiction authority and the right to put your hands on me...and they muscled me by force out of the court...I mean...who says my business was even done?\nAnd the jp...ignored most...but ran for chambers when the cop grabbed my briefcase (with my cwll and tablet in it) and threw it aceoss the court...poppubg opwn and shooting all the contents all over the courtroom floor.\nhe was like...see you around buddy...I aaked if thatwas a threat again...just a smile...I just smiled and said im billing him for everything and I will see him again all right...in court.\nnice they assaulted me right in court",
   "created_time": "2014-01-21T18:28:04+0000"
 }
