 {
   "id": "602461863123083",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_542838469085423",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "message": "Derek Hill so wait, if the affidavit acknowledges their authority then why are we doing that with attached notice of mistake...wouldn't it be canceling each other?.\n\nScott Duncan Derek Hill raises a compelling point. A court MUST accept an affidavit. It's the only way they can \"see\" a document.\n\nThis douche is declaring a \"status\". I can say MY status is that of DUKE, and it WOULD BE TRUE...\n\n...but so what? What is DUKE to you? It ONLY applies when you want to engage me in contract... in which case you had best know EVERYTHING that the TITLE and STATUS will demand.\n\n...do you see what I am saying here?\n\nDerek Hill Here is something i said in the past. But applicable to you.\n\nWhy do you want to say your honor. It's because when you say it you accept their authority.\n\nIts the same ofr courts, they have no right to use DUKE nor recognize it because they are not allowed to acknowledge it until it interferes with their matters then they must acknowledge it.\n\nScott Duncan NOTICE OF MISTAKE is NOT declaring a STATUS. It is giving NOTICE that halts proceedings as there is NO UNDERSTANDING.\n\nThat is NOT saying \"I AM JOHN DUNCAN the 23rd, DUKE OF AQUILAE AND KEEPER OF THE TRUST\"... to which the court will say in the politest way possible, \"So fucking what\"?\n\nScott Duncan It's important to COMPLETELY understand WHY this is true. It was a good question, which reveals a depth of study, I didn't expect from you \n\nScott Duncan Just remember where your only ACTUAL answers came from\n\nI could fill a library with what you DON'T know. Especially as regards what you have done so far. You are effecting things you don't even know about.\n\nI don't get to choose WHO trusts what I say, and acts on it. I DO know that those that do, are the ones forcing awareness... something banks hate.",
   "created_time": "2013-12-21T21:43:12+0000"
 }
