 {
   "id": "462493170453287_760427113993223",
   "created_time": "2014-12-15T16:59:22+0000",
   "updated_time": "2015-01-30T06:48:46+0000",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "from_id": "927379467328526",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "So...\n\nHow many of you cowardly twits are here from QUATLOOS? \n\nI've been letting that elephant lounge in this room for a while. It's time to have a chat, and to issue a few warnings to those who publish the name \"Scott Duncan\". You assholes like to associate me with all the \"Freeman gurus\", because you frankly don't know any better. You also look at Africa as a Country too, I imagine.\n\nThis is why you have been welcomed here in a VERY public manner, many months back. You mock me on your forum by quoting \"scott is always right\", and never once pondering why I make this VERY grandiose claim. If I tell you I'm right because of computer science, then you'd brand me a \"kook\", and never once apply the scientific method to it.\n\nIf you've been reading, you should have changed your position by now. By this point there should be NO MISTAKE. By this point, you should know as well as every piece-of-shit christian, that I am NOT a \"Freeman-on-the land\" or any other version of that bullshit.\n\nI'm the ULTIMATE in LEGAL ENTITIES, and I OBEY THE LAW. I got shit on for my trouble. Now I'm going to collapse the banking system and start war. I am Satoshi Nakamoto!\n\n...what the fuck have YOU done lately?\n\nSo... Let me lay out for you something you CAN quote without defaming me through your self-imposed ignorance:\n\nI am not charging money for ANYTHING YOU ARE READING AND NEVER WILL. In fact, if you did ANY reading here, you would see just how much contempt I have for those who do. We're kindred spirits on this issue, except I'm a bit more zealous with my convictions. You think they should be \"exposed\". I think they should be harmed. You are under no obligation to feel as I do, and I do not fault you for not feeling the same as I do, but that doesn't mean you get to lump me in with them.\n\nQUATLOOS' intent is to expose fraud. You do that best by GETTING YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT.\n\nIf you DON'T get your facts straight, you will become someone else's mechanism for disinformation. I've BEEN that \"someone else\", so I know what I'm talking about here. I ONLY tell the truth. I'm ONE OF THE PEOPLE WHO DID ALL THIS TO YOU.\n\nYou've been robbed and all of you are too ignorant to see what was stolen from you. Associating ME with delusional Piece-of-Shit Christians, and fraud artists helps the wrong people. Stop it. The ONLY thing you accomplish is delaying those seeking answers. Your existing credibility makes it REASONABLE to take what you say as truth... except it isn't, and those seeking answers will notice. They will NOW remember THIS message, and you won't get to claim the \"innocence of ignorance\" in your defence when they call you to account for the time you stole from them.\n\nI'm here to tell the truth. I promised to. I swore an oath and unlike ALL of you, I actually take that seriously. You, of course will suddenly have \"expertise\" to clinically diagnose me with a \"mental illness\" invented by a professional name-caller tho explain that... What? You get to make presumptions about me! I'm simply returning the favour!\n\nIf you MUST apply a \"mental illness\" to me, I confess I have C.D.O.\n\nCDO is like OCD... only the letters are IN THE RIGHT ORDER! AS THEY SHOULD BE!\n\n...I digress.\n\nIf you MUST \"focus on my crazy\", quote me when I say I am COLLAPSING THE BANKING SYSTEM AND STARTING A WAR. I mean COME ON! That shit's simply BEGGING for the \"crazy\" label! You should be quoting that shit into the next decade!\n\n...which should give you pause. I REALLY want you to do that. WHY?\n\nNo matter.\n\nJust get your facts straight. In the end, we're both about what's true. Feel free to shit on yourselves. Don't stain me while you do it.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
