 {
   "id": "670562706312998",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_670473376321931",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "I hear what you are saying. Driving nowadays it is a risk on itself, for many reasons.  Having \"passengers\" adds a huge liability, because they can become in witnesses against you, or become hurt if some shit goes crazy. So, pick your battles, and limit the driving time to just the necessary, or have someone else drive.\n\nIf you have fear of getting temporarily kidnapped for standing on the TRUTH, then this group is NOT for you. The reality is that there is MORE chances of getting arrested after acting as a witness against yourself/complying/cooperating/answering to police, than standing for the TRUTH, and never answer any questions. They are there to HURT YOU, not to be friends. \n\nMen, and women that stand for the truth nowadays will very likely be arrested at some point, or another. The difference is that we know it's all accounting, and surety, and we know we are NOT surety. We know we cannot be detained forever, and that if you say NOTHING, they have got NOTHING against \"you\". The burden of PROOF is on them. \n\nThese are all my personal suggestions, I am not an expert. So this is not advise, but more what I might do in a similar situation.\n\nI strongly recommend you watch the video I shared. It's from the USA, but it applies in Canada, as well. Be well, and don't be a \"Driving while acting as witness against yourself\" victim! :D",
   "created_time": "2014-05-21T23:49:02+0000"
 }
