 {
   "id": "670492476320021",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_670473376321931",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "If you are driving, and get stopped, you may hand your person's driver's license, and registration, but you are NOT obligated to answer questions. And yes, having a tag in a car, having a registration, and a driver license IS, in their training, reasonable evidence to presume you are the person, or at least in their jurisdiction. If you don't have any warrants, hand the papers, and remain silent. If you have warrants, DON'T DRIVE! (Duh!)\n\nYou broke the other #1 rule. NEVER, under ANY circumstances, talk to cops! You were very lucky. The moment you admitted to drinking, you acted as a witness against yourself. You CONFESSED to breaking the law. Everything you say will be used against your person. \n\n\"Am I being detained? Am I free to go? By what authority ...? Sorry, but I don't answer any questions\" If you are not an \"expert,\" anything other than these phrases, will most likely bring trouble. \n\nHere are a few examples. If you already have been detained, and they ask questions:\n- Have you had anything to drink tonight?\n- Sorry, I don't answer any questions.\n- You don't mind if we search your car for drugs, or guns?\n- Sorry, I do not consent to searches of my property, and/or my persons.\n- Can you blow here?\n- Sorry, I do not consent to searches of my property, and/or my persons.\n- What is your name?\n- Sorry- I don't answer any questions.\n- You are required to give your name!\n- Sorry- I don't answer any questions.\n- We can do this the easy way, or the hard way. Do you want to go to jail?\n- By what authority are you threatening me with kidnapping? Sorry, I don't answer any questions. Etc.\n\nEven if you are completely \"innocent,\" NEVER talk to cops! \nI'll say that again: NEVER talk to cops!  If you have not learned the reason why from Scott yet, then also listen to this guy on WHY you NEVER talk to the police!\n\nhttp://youtu.be/6wXkI4t7nuc",
   "created_time": "2014-05-21T19:29:02+0000"
 }
