 {
   "id": "686743344694934",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_686602954708973",
   "from_name": "Ceit Butler",
   "message": "Ha! It appears my head is back on \"The Ban Block\", only this time it's on Youtube, for...wait for it...being a \"Grammar Nazi\" :D \n\nRob Menard:\n\"Hey Jezabelle, I see what you are doing, trying to shift the topic away from the actual topic, and trying to focus on someone's fucking grammar.  Thus in your mind, you may discount or dismiss them, for their failings in that small regard.  Yet you still have not answered the question, you are trying  so hard to avoid.  Anecdotes aside, what steps did you take to verify the claim that the words 'legal tender'o a note indicate not a payment but an offer to contract?  DID YOU TAKE ANY STEPS AT ALL?  Be warned, your derisiveness and grammar nazi tactics will not be tolerated much more.  You will be banned,and then you will strut around like you won, when all you will have done was prove yourself incapable of rational discourse. What steps?  Can I see proof?  Or do we just accept it as true because  Scooty said so and you have an anecdote about some other time where he may or may not have been the agent of the courts actions.\"\n\nMe:\n\"My \"grammar nazi tactics will not be tolerated much longer\"? Is it really so fucking unreasonable to expect someone to communicate in an articulate and concise manner? Hell, I'd settle for merely intelligible at this point!\n\nIf you feel that is a ban-worthy quality, then by all means, drop the hammer, big guy. It's bad enough that everything this buffoon writes is virtually unrecognizable as being written in the English language, then he has the nerve to insinuate that the mental deficit is a failing on my part.\n\nThat sort of stupidity is ONLY worthy of ridicule and contempt. You want to learn about the \"Tender for Law\" that is money? Learn WHAT money is. I've spent the last year and a half on this, I'm certainly not about to do YOUR work for you.\"\n\nAnd the cause of all this silliness: The often illegible, ALWAYS unintelligible stylings of butt-hurt, former TTFL member:\nJason Wettstein:\n\"you are a cunt statement and fact the end.\n\nEinstein and Hemingway both with at least as bad grammar, punctuation and spelling as me. Hemingway's writing at least I can confirm I know his family personally.\n\nWhat is amusing to me is someone that as smart as you is spending so much time arguing and communicating with...as you said... \"types like an autistic 4 year old who is banging his face on the keyboard whilst in the throes of an epileptic seizure, commenting on MY intelligence.\" \n\nSpelling, Grammar and Literacy have nothing to do with intelligence. The fact that an illiterate like me that is also a grad 8 dropout has 3 million hits a week on his pages for his thoughts and ideas as poorly written as they may be says something. Just like you professing I am an illiterate autistic child and then spewing all this gibberish that has no consequence on my ability to communicate. Just like Scott and his laws he is a slave to you are a slave to yours if you are so hung up on the spelling and structure that the message is lost on your anal mind no concern of mine. I only post for other illiterates afraid to speak because grammar nazzis and indoctrinated fools like you should be outed \n\n Its actually a common trait amongst people of high IQ that act of monotony and redundancy makes us cringe whereas the act of monotony is where you excel the box folding mind often excels in school and institutional environments most often only good a criticising grammar and repetitive jobs like banking, waitressing and the likes.... Job like you have.. Your mind is the perfect slave mind you hate the animals on the other side of the fence and bark at the one that want to leave the farm you are dogs STUPID beaten dogs\"",
   "created_time": "2014-06-27T22:17:57+0000"
 }
