 {
   "id": "462493170453287_589898244379445",
   "created_time": "2013-11-19T21:35:52+0000",
   "updated_time": "2013-11-21T05:12:24+0000",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "from_id": "1.01539996628005E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'} {u'name': u'Dean Clifford', u'id': u'10154101046070541'}]",
   "message": "The Dean Clifford- inspired REPROBATE thread...\n\nDean Clifford: Chris, I filed an affidavit in Brandon Court years ago that the Clown Prosecutor was a reprobate. he got pulled from the case and had to sit there with his head hanging in shame for the rest of the day while the top Crown for the city prosecuted. It was fucking hilarious. I guess I was right.\n\nREPROBATION, eccl. law. The propounding exceptions either against facts, persons or things; as, to allege that certain deeds or instruments have not been duly and lawfully executed; or that certain persons are such that they are incompetent as witnesses; or that certain things ought not for legal reasons to be admitted. Bouvier's Law 1856.\n\nREPROBATOR: (rep-ra-bay-tar). Scots law. Rist. A challenge to disqualify a witness or to invalidate the testimony of an objectionable witness. Also termed action of reprobator. Black's Law 9th.\n\nAPPROBATE AND REPROBATE. In Scotland this term is used to signify to approve and reject. It is a maxim quod approbo non reprobo. For example, if a testator give his property to A, and give A's property to B, A shall not be at liberty to approve of the will so far as the legacy is given to him, and reject it as to the bequest of his property to B in other words, he cannot approve and reject the will.\n\nhttp://www.constitution.org/bouv/bouvier_a.htm\nBouvier's Law Dictionary, 1856 Edition - Letter A\nwww.constitution.org\n\nDerek Moran: Hmmm, interesting Maxims from Black's 9th:\n\nQuod approbo non reprobo: What I approve I do not disapprove.\n\n..that's DEEP- yo, Pete Daoust, good MAXIM going-on here!\n\nExcessus in re qualibet jure reprobatur communi: Excess\nin anything at all is condemned by common law.\n\nLex reprobat moram: The law disapproves of delay.\n\nMora reprobatur in lege: Delay is disapproved of in law.\n\nPete Daoust: Any difference between ACCEPT and APPROVE ?\n\nNimia subtilitas in jure reprobatur: Too much subtlety in law is condemned.\n\nNimia subtilitas in jure reprobatur, et talis certitudo certitudinem confundit: Too great subtlety is disapproved of in law, and such certainty confounds certainty.\n\nSimplicitas est legibus amica, et nimia subtilitas in jure reprobatur: Simplicity is a friend to the laws, and too much subtlety in law is condemned.\n\nDerek Moran: Here's one just for \"YOU,\" Pierre/PIERRE:\n\nReprobata pecunia liberat solventem: Money refused releases the person paying (or offering payment).",
   "link": "http://www.constitution.org/bouv/bouvier_a.htm",
   "name": "Bouvier's Law Dictionary, 1856 Edition - Letter A",
   "caption": "constitution.org",
   "description": "A, the first letter of the English and most other alphabets, is frequently used as an abbreviation, (q. v.) and also in the marks of schedules or papers, as schedule A, B, C, &c. Among the Romans this letter was used in criminal trials. The judges were furnished with small tables covered with wax, a...",
   "source": "",
   "type": "link",
   "place": "None"
 }
