 {
   "id": "563703396998930",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_563379890364614",
   "from_name": "Harold Austerman",
   "message": "My comments: DEAN CLIFFORDS RESPONSE!!!\n\n ALSO, why has nobody questioned this woman's story as being authentic? There is, no doubt, MUCH information being left out. Nobody guts and renovates a house for no reason. And apparently it has been 2 years, and she JUST went by if he has not been paying rent the whole time? Also, if he claims that it is his house, why is he still offering to pay $775 a month in rent? This whole story stinks from top down period. I bet she doesn't want to pay for renovations that she asked for, so it's being taken out in half rent, and she's a greedy old woman living in her poor \"Sylvan Lake\" retirement property. I'm a contractor, I've seen the stories people make up when they try to get out of paying for work done. \n\n File a civil claim then if he's damaged your house. I bet you won't, because you don't want the real facts coming out. Instead you prey on people's good nature and pull on their heart strings, then use a clearly biased media who cannot wait to attempt to discredit the law reform movement to push your agenda. \n\n And: \n\n This story should be renamed \"Landlord has trouble evicting bad tenant.\", but of course that does not have the right spin on it. As a former landlord of several properties, I can tell you RIGHT now that tenants are absolutely impossible to get out. They go crying to residential tenancies, and next thing the same people trying to steal our lives, Her Majesty acting through agents and offices, shows up telling you that you cannot evict people just because they refuse to pay you rent for 6 MONTHS, and they are protected and you have to go to court and get a COURT ORDER to have them removed....and if they are on welfare, they will not grant you a court order.\n\n Lying pricks. If this was a welfare bum who refused to work, the story would be \"EVIL LANDLADY tries to evict POOR, IMPOVERISHED man who is down on his luck.\" Provincial legislation makes evicting people next to IMPOSSIBLE. The laws that Freemen teach would have this bum out on the curb immediately. They are LYING to you, because what we are teaching is the truth. They want you hating us, and us hating you all instead of watching all the lies, crimes and thefts of their de facto regime.\nTHIS IS DEAN CLIFFORDS RESPONSE TO THE STORY!!!!!",
   "created_time": "2013-09-23T22:55:53+0000"
 }
