 {
   "id": "541728895863047",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_483743828328221",
   "from_name": "Chad Brodgesell",
   "message": "Here goes. It does get old after awhile.\nWhen I was a little boy Dad decided to leave his currant wife for his flying buddies wife and move to Vancouver.\nDivorces apparently happened.\nSo Mother now has 3 boys a girl and a dog and a cat to look after.\nNow the husband of the wife that ran off with my Dad too had 3 sons and a girl and a dog and a cat to look after. (Not joking, mirror image of families here.)\nSo they decided to join forces in marriage combine the 2 families into one big one.\nTotal fucking mess it was.\nMr. Brodgesell married Ms. Joslyn who became Mrs. Brodgesell and Mr. Joslyn married Mrs. Brodgesell who became Mrs. Joslyn.\nCristina Joslyn\nDavid Joslyn\nPaul Joslyn\nBruce Joslyn\nStupid dog\nStupid cat\n.\nTatanja Brodgesell\nHelge Brodgesell\nMark Brodgesell\nChad Brodgesell :)\nNice dog named Lady\nStupid cat named Whooly\n\nOnly me and Bruce never worked for The Gubberment.\nCristina fled as soon as possible to become a teacher, Public.\nDavid went to pilot civil aviation and side trips with the Gov.\nPaul went to administrate for Gov and Hotel industry.\nBruce did something with travel and went Gay.\nTatanja worked for Gov and Banking system and went Epileptic.\nHelge went to Navy as Officer got very high up then went...Morman...\nMark went Gov Inspections Building and then moved even higher. Continues to be a self serving kunt who wants all of Moms money.\nMr. and Mrs.Brodgesell are willing their entire estate to the S.P.C.A.\nMrs. Joslyn continues to live on Vancouver island while being the good doppy mindless person that she is.\n(I have proof of this from the family closet of skeletons)\nMr. Joslyn blew his brains out in the rec room with my .357 revolver.\nMe..,I am here and realize how fucked up this world really is.\nThat is the short story. I could write a book but wont.\nThey HATE me with a passion as I ask questions and they prove themselves wrong.\nFuk I hate talking about my family..",
   "created_time": "2013-07-27T16:36:58+0000"
 }
