 {
   "id": "462493170453287_535695869799683",
   "created_time": "2013-07-11T22:33:55+0000",
   "updated_time": "2013-08-15T11:47:21+0000",
   "from_name": "Sino General",
   "from_id": "1.015497754093E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'} {u'name': u'Scott Duncan', u'id': u'927379467328526'}]",
   "message": "Okie, i believe its time to go over the fine art of placing a lien on property, whether its on a house or on a boat,car and/or bank accounts. Now, if your going to post and comment on this, please do so in accord with the content, do rant about this or that bringing the content off to another realm, i know add and hdd is quite high but lets do our best to focus. Now, there are some ideas and concepts that have been written about and executed but who has successfully done this process and got what the full amount or at least an agreement on an amount ? \n\nFor me, i normally get whom im dealing with, to agree with my lien of course by their silence or inaction. All done normally out of a notary presentment process and gathering a record to show that a non response certified and an administrative judgment has been certified as well. With private courts out of my nation, a court order has been issued along with the administrative judgment which can be entered into the superior/supreme court as a foreign judgment in order to help with the enforcement of your claim. Keep in mind its all about the claims, i mean contracts. If one is to file a lien, they are to make sure they have done their administrative process in order to get the assent of the other parties. \n\nOnce done, its up to the party who got the contract to hold it, now this is where most if not all fail. Not many know how to hold a contract, keeping in mind that contracts are dynamic which means they move or can be moved by going in and arguing after the fact. This from what i can tell is called moving the contract or creating a situation for a judge to be granted the jurisdiction to make a judgement because you caused a controversy, you might say well, they started it and said there is no agreement. Which i would say why did you ask them to provide you proof of their claims, produce any records that would be in opposition of the records before the court, if in fact you get that far. Now, once you can get this record and there is an agreement for what the collateral is, what does one do in order to enforce if in fact they got the claim ? \n The Notary process can be explained in another posting but this here is mainly about placing a lien, whether on a house, car,boat or an account. I hear buzz of using CRA to place liens. Now, i dont wish to accept ideas or what you may think but actual true to fact information that some might know to be exact in their process. PPSA, UCC and the other forms of placing a lien, http://www.teranet.ca/ would be another place to file your lien as well. So if you would Scott Duncan, fill in the blanks for your position on a lien. Also, keep in mind, if you are able to hold your contract and get an order from a Superior/supreme court, you can take this order and have the U.S marshals come north of the border and execute enforcement for you. So, now on to your comments and questions. KEEP IN MIND KEEP ON TOPIC, FOCUS PEOPLE.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
