+++
author = "ROGUESUPPORT INC"
title = "AGENCY (ARTIFICIAL PERSONS) FOR IDIOTS"
date = "2014-05-05"
description = "You are him or his agent"
tags = [
    "#RegisteredAgentsActAsCurrencyExchanges",
    "#Jurisdiction",
    "#ScottIsAlwaysRight",
]
categories = [
    "HER MAJESTY AND AN ORGANIZATION -",
    "AGENCY -",
    "JOINDER",
]
weight = "14"
+++

THE TENDER FOR LAW: AGENCY (ARTIFICIAL PERSONS) FOR IDIOTS (c) 2014 ROGUESUPPORT INC. under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License. 

HER MAJESTY AND AN ORGANIZATION.  It’s the ultimate artificial person.  To understand what this means you should refer to my earlier articles.  The Criminal Code of Canada states, inter alia [Source R.S., c. C-34, s. 2 “INTERPRETATION”]:

“every one”, “person” and “owner”

« quiconque », « individu », « personne » et « propriétaire »

“every one”, “person” and [ Ed. NOT ‘or’! it’s ‘and’! ] “owner”, and similar expressions, INCLUDE [ Expressio Unius Est Exclusio Alterius ] HER MAJESTY AND [ Ed. NOT ‘or’, it’s ‘and’, AGAIN! ] AN ORGANIZATION;

Before we cover HER MAJESTY AND AN ORGANIZATION it is vital to remember why ARTIFICIAL PERSONS exist in the first place.  The sole purpose of a PERSON is to act as a LEGAL AGENT.  Remember that for later, it will become important as all PERSONS recognized LEGALLY are by their very nature AGENTS.  In THE TENDER FOR LAW, we often define LEGAL as “it’s all accounting and surety”.  Accountants set PUBLIC POLICY, and that policy determines which AGENCY pays.  There are no PERSONS involved, only AGENCY.  If you are acting as an employee for WALMART or an employee for the FBI, you are in fact an AGENT, not a PERSON.  This would mean that WALMART or the FBI would be the SURETY for that AGENCY.  This would mean WALMART and the FBI are SURETY for their AGENTS.  My article on SURETY has already been published and if you haven’t read it you probably should do that now – instead of reading this.

Many of you are learning the hard way that the LEGAL MATRIX acts on PRESUMPTION.  This is why your full name, address and date of birth are requested in all interactions with the government.  You, the “NATURAL PERSON” along with an ORGANIZATION (the ATTORNEY GENERAL/government), form AGENCY.  When you IDENTIFY yourself in this fashion you are accepting JOINDER, and henceforth you are HER MAJESTY AND AN ORGANIZATION, just as an employee for the FBI IS the FBI.  That is what AGENCY is.

FBI agents tend to IDENTIFY themselves as “Special Agents”.  (I assume they make this declaration for the same reasons the Special Olympics do; it’s like the regular Olympics…only they’re retards.  On that note, if an FBI agent ever calls you a “Conspiracy Theorist”, remind them that coming from the people who brought us ABSCAM, that’s pretty ironic.  Look up ABSCAM – you’ll get the joke).

I’ve really tried to “dumb down” AGENCY as much as I could.  An AGENT is a slave that represents the MASTER.  The master is always SURETY.  When you accept JOINDER by IDENTIFYING yourself with your first name, last name, address, and date of birth, you become HER MAJESTY AND AN ORGANIZATION.  You are now SURETY, and you must follow the rules of the organization.  Otherwise, you have committed an OFFENCE.

Many of you are “offended” by what I say, especially piece-of-shit Christians (see what I did there?).  When they cry about how offended they are, they seem to think that this “offence” give them some higher “victim” status.  Here in reality the declaration, “I’m offended!” is simply whining.  Now let’s shift over to a different JURISDICTION.  If you are on an AQUILAE vessel, and I’m “offended“, that could be fatal.  It’s a different JURISDICTION, and as of this writing I am the highest authority in that jurisdiction.  This means if I’m offended, you’re likely going overboard.  You already consented to those rules when you found yourself on board one of my vessels.  If you’re dragged onto one of my vessels against your will, you’re definitely going to die anyway, and if you’re given any hope of survival it’s very likely someone’s just fucking with you.  😉

Try not to miss the point here!  If “offence” is legislated, and you identify yourself as HER MAJESTY AND AN ORGANIZATION, being an AGENT thereof, you are subject to all the rules.

Look at the Criminal Code.  Notice it doesn’t say the “Criminal Law”.  It says CODE.  You will see that it refers to “A general collection of laws”.  When someone refers to a “secret code” they are referring to a “secret collection of laws”.  Codes usually refer to specific subject matter such as Criminal Code, Code of Ethics, Probate Code, Penal Code.  These things all apply to HER MAJESTY AND AN ORGANIZATION.

In the UNITED STATES you are acting as AGENT for the current TRUSTEE.  At this writing it’s “Homeland Security”.  If you look at a passport stamp from the United States, you will notice that the stamp says, “Homeland Security”, and not “UNITED STATES”.  The TRUSTEE has AUTHORITY to grant or refuse entry into the JURISDCTION, while that JURISDICTION is in RECEIVERSHIP.  Since the UNITED STATES is running trillion dollar deficits, with absolutely no consequence, you very quickly realize that the UNITED STATES is in receivership (and has been since 1933).  Within a generation, the United States went from “Republic” to “Nation of Trustees” – and nobody noticed.  Research Woodrow Wilson and “The New Deal” with the knowledge you’ve gained from THE TENDER FOR LAW, and you will see the crime that has been visited upon you.

I fear with the apathy and ignorance of Commonwealth Subjects, the same fate soon awaits us in CANADA.  UNITED STATES citizens have failed to notice that their country no longer produces anything except POLICY; policy set by accountants.  These particular accountants are not working in your interest.  They don’t care about PERSONS, they don’t care about individuals.  They care about balancing the books, accounts and agency; in that order.

Now let’s cover your “ARTIFICIAL PERSON“.  In earlier articles we covered the fact that your birth certificate is a security.  It is also a bond, which affords you certain RIGHTS and PRIVILEGES.  Chief amoungst those is your right to ACT as AGENT for HER MAJESTY AND AN ORGANIZATION.  While we’re on the subject of the birth certificate, a very disturbing trend is happening, and no one is noticing.  Until recently all birth certificates had TWO SIGNATURES on them.  This afforded you the AUTHORITY to sign as AGENT.  Three signatures = BINDING LEGAL TRUST.  Now I’m seeing examples of birth certificates that have only ONE SIGNATURE, so I sent my blood hounds after some answers, and what they returned was very interesting.

Somewhere on these new pseudo-certificates with one signature, there is universally a DECLARATION, usually at the bottom.  It DECLARES that it is a “FOUNDATION DOCUMENT“.  It really is that simple.  Use of the birth certificate is acceptance of that fact, just as use of a $10 bill is acceptance of a TENDER FOR LAW.  In this case the law in question is SURETY AND ACCOUNTING, and all the “codes” attached.

Now that we have a basic understanding of an “artificial person”, and we have established the global truths about all artificial persons, we can cover specific artificial persons.

In order to “act” LEGALLY, an artificial person is created.  When you are issued a traffic ticket, you do not write your name down, an AGENT does.  That agent, in this case a “Policy Enforcer” is TESTIFYING as to how you identified yourself.  The identification you provide happens to contain your full name, address and date of birth.  The only way you could have obtained this licence is either through a birth certificate, citizenship card, or valid passport.  All three of these are revenue streams to Policy Enforcers.  I’m hesitant to publish anything regarding “driving” vs. “travelling”, because I don’t want to give the FREE-DUMBERS ammunition.  If you want to travel without a licence, use public or commercial transport, a livery service, or a horse and buggy.  All three options require that somebody pays insurance – the third option is something you must pay.  Paying an insurance POLICY is paying an artificial person to accept SURETY under certain conditions (codes).  Here’s where the FREE-DUMBER argument falls down regarding travel and property.

You will hear these arguments from one of two sources.  The first being natives and/or “aboriginals”; when they explain the law regarding travel and property, they are telling the truth.  They have LEGAL STANDING to make this declaration, because it says so in countless TREATIES.  When Robert Menard and Dean Clifford make this CLAIM they are simply lying through ommission; because if you are one of the invaders, which you are if you’re not native, you benefit from ongoing commercial warfare.  Like it or not, if you are going to share the road with your fellow humans, the issue of SURETY is going to come up, especially if there’s an accident.  A deadbeat like Robert Menard is never going to be able to support the needs and medical bills of someone he may have crippled while drunk driving one night.  Here in reality his “100% responsible declaration” is bullshit by any LEGAL standard, and no-fault insurance only applies when both parties are insured.  Even a horse and buggy needs a bare minimum of $1,000,000 liability insurance.  I know this because I was once the owner of a horse, and a buggy.

If you haven’t read “Insurance for the Inept” (appointed by Gail Blackman), you should stop and read it now.

Since 1982 I have run a private navy.  The trust that holds that navy, also has its own currency.  In 2010, the AQUILAE cryptic currency was commissioned, and the need for FIAT currency disappeared, except as regards insurance.

When you accept that the term “LEGAL” is all SURETY and ACCOUNTING, you quickly realize that everything LEGAL has a monetary value.  There are no exceptions to this rule.  Let me repeat that so your empty head will absorb it.  All things legal have a monetary value attached, including SURETY.  The FREE-DUMBER says he can drive without a licence, and he is telling the truth.  The lie of ommision is that you cannot get insurance without a driver’s licence.  In Common Law Jurisdictions LEGAL ACTS and STATUTES do not acknowlege your RIGHT to property; whereas in Civil Law Jurisdiction, the RIGHT to property is absolute.  The LEGAL consequences of Robert Menard getting drunk and injuring somebody whilst “travelling with his property” will not be accepted by any other party; and the “wake up and be a FREE-DUMBER” line doesn’t really work when it comes to medical expenses and basic needs.  Some highways are semi-private, and if a FREE-DUMBER drives down those they can expect to have a SWAT team arrest them and seize their “property”.  This has happened on the 407 ETR more than once.  Like everything else in LAW, FREE-DUMBERS lie through ommission.  It is very easy to produce case law showing the courts acknowledge that use of the roads is in fact, a RIGHT, not a privilege.  There are even high-risk insurance companies that will insure a vehicle without a driver’s licence, but the premiums will be $30,000 a year.

Back to “ARTIFICIAL PERSONS”.  In my first article regarding PERSONS, we covered the fact that NATURAL PERSON = “Picking up the Tab”.  Accepting and/or identifying yourself as an “INDIVIDUAL” means you are deemed to be a NATURAL PERSON.  If you identify yourself as an INDIVIDUAL you are ACCEPTING SURETY by default.  Since you’re picking up the tab, the government AGENT, attempting to impose commerce on you, will of course order the most expensive items on the menu.  The courts recognize the government as a PRIVATE PERSON.  If you are in court against your will you might find it useful to demand proof that the government has STANDING as a PRIVATE PERSON.  This also applies in the UNITED STATES.  If the court refuses to provide proof, INFORM the court that you intend to offer as PROOF FOR APPEAL an objection to this presumption of “PERSONHOOD” that the court has arbitrarily granted the government, and a demand for $1,000,000 SECURITY FOR COSTS.  In Western Society, SECURITY FOR COSTS is a well-documented RIGHT.  You are basically demanding insurance.  Since it was offered as PROOF FOR APPEAL, and presuming the Appelate Court is following the rules, it virtually guarantees the case will be thrown out on appeal, for exactly the same reasons the government seizes Dean Clifford’s property; if it interacts with, and affects others, and it is not insured, it is the government’s mandate to remove it from the PUBLIC domain.  If there was nobody on the road except you, it would be ok to drive without insurance.  But there is…so it isn’t.

I too can travel the highways without a licence or insurance, because it turns out there are lots and lots of people who will happily drive you anywhere you want to go in exchange for worthless FIAT currency.  Some of them are even good at it.  One of my captains used to make a “hobby” out of collecting drivers’s licences, and had the bragging rights of claiming he’s one of the few people in ONTARIO that has an AZBM licence.  This means if it travels on the road, no matter what it is, he can LEGALLY drive it.  The “B” designation is apparently the hardest, because it required learning to drive a school bus.  Apparently the test is rigid but he “aced it” because in reality he was just driving a big yellow truck designed to carry children without seat belts.  From a transport perspective children really aren’t that heavy a payload.

…I digress.

When the courts were still following the rules, I always got a big kick out of the fact that you can sell SURETY ahead of time; and the government is compelled to buy it.  If a JUSTICE grants SECURITY FOR COSTS the ATTORNEY GENERAL had better have the budget to cover it, or the case does not move forward.  One PARTY is attempting to affect another, without insurance, just like when a FREE-DUMBER drives without insurance.

Many of you still cannot grasp cryptographic currency from a practical standpoint, yet none of you seem to have any trouble grasping the concept of CANADIAN TIRE money.  CANADIAN TIRE money is issued as coupons that ACT as an internal currency.  In many accounting circles this is often referred to as “brown currency”, as it is always circulating internally.  Think of the concept of cryptographic currency as you would your own CORPORATION’S version of CANADIAN TIRE money.  Large purchases can be made with CANADIAN TIRE money, but it cannot be exchanged for cash.  However, you are free to exchange CANADIAN TIRE money for any purchase you agree to.  Bars, during charity events, often accept CANADIAN TIRE money at par.  This has the benefit of not being taxable, allowing the business to write-off the consumables as a CAPTIAL LOSS and/or INVESTED CAPITAL depending on the product and/or service being purchased.  Keeping this in mind will remove any confusion you may have regarding creating your own bank/currency.

If you have accepted THE TENDER FOR LAW which FIAT currency provides, you will accept that the LEGAL MATRIX will deem it fact that the FIAT currency in question is good for “all debts public and private”.  This is another “lie of ommission” that Robert Menard attempted to pipe out in his latest video about me.  If you do not accept the currency in the creation of a debt, then that law doesn’t really apply.  I will do absolutely nothing in commerce, especially for government, in exchange for FIAT currency.  I simply do not accept the creation of that debt and/or contract as I have as a matter of PUBIC RECORD RESIGNED from government service.  The INDIVIDUAL and all its titles are LEGALLY CLAIMED under the AQUILAE TRUST.  This means that if the government wishes to impose commerce on me, they must pay that debt first.  They can pay me in LEGAL TENDER, but that’s a quarter of a billion dollars; and if I’m given a quarter of a billion dollars worth of economic power over night, 100% of that worthless currency will be used to collapse the banking system and start a war.  Let that serve as a warning to anyone who happens to be seriously considering giving us large amounts of money.

I will work like a slave for any contract that pays me in AQUILAE currency.  AQUILAE currency is valuable money, and the TENDER FOR LAW attached to it, is whatever I say it is.  Why?  Because “fuck off that’s why”…it’s MY currency!  If you don’t like it, go shop somewhere else.  Besides, the FREE-DUMBERS say I’m mean.  In their heads, “nice but inept” is far better than the truth.  Apparently truth = mean.  As actual legal knowledge starts bleeding out from THE TENDER FOR LAW, and the people from the “first wave” are starting to teach others, the revenue streams of the FREE-DUMBER gurus are in serious jeopardy.  Robert Menard and his now notorious “Scott Duncan is wrong” Youtube Video, shows the desperation, because now the victims of the FREE-DUMBERS don’t have to suck-up the FREE-DUMB excuses like, “You just payed for my time”, and other bullshit platitudes to deflect SURETY.  Now they have a weapon that hurts.  That weapon is the declaration “Scott was right again”.  That will cause the victims to come seeking real answers from a MEGA-PERSON…and that’s the last kind of PERSON we’re going to discuss. Menard can lie about what words mean, and beg for FIAT, while those that listen and understand what I’m desperately trying to hammer into your stultified brains, will the first of the pioneers. The Pioneers PROFIT, and the NEW economy will be YOURS TO COMMAND, but if you fuck it up, you will destroy yourself, just like Menard, only with less alcohol. 😀

We’ll call it a pseudo-LEGAL term to make the courts happy; and over the next year it’s going to make the courts beg for the “good old days” of the FREE-DUMBERS.  MEGA-PERSON will be the only real PARTY in Open-Source government.  As you read this now, this sounds as incredible as making your own currency and bank, and learning to administer your affairs so you profit.  The base framework has been layed out over the past 18 months.  Some of you have casually studied, some of you were compelled to study through external forces, and a precious few of you dedicated every last free minute of time to study.  Those precious few of you who fall into that category are the first to scratch their heads when people describe me as “mean”.  You can call any of the AQUILAE officers or crew 24-hours a day, and all of them are mandated to have the utmost patience and to stay on the phone as long as they’re needed – and that’s just the “overflow” policy.  I personally handle the bulk of the calls.  It’s those precious few people that actually keep me going.  When you understand what a PERSON is LEGALLY, and you UNDERSTAND what SURETY is, and who has it, all your concerns about money should just vanish.  It is July 2014.  It is my least profitable year ever.  It has pushed the entire navy and every officer into personal debt, but we maintain the course because we know we have the answer to everything.  We have computer science.  Computer Science is going to replace government.  Observe the wild ride of BITCOIN over the long term and you can observe computer science affecting reality.  The block chain always maintains its regulated growth.  Banks have tried collective pump-and-dump scams; and it immediately returned to its original growth value.  When you look at BITCOIN over its entire existence, the “unstable” nature of cryptographic currencies becomes a lot less clear.  There is a measurable straight line.  It’s math; and 2 + 2 always equals 4.  It doesn’t matter what you believe.

Over the next few weeks I will be introducing the component parts of the “MEGA-PERSON”.  This LEGAL monster will be yours to control.  It’s intent is hostile, and its purpose is to destroy millions of dollars in minutes (if it has to).  This will implement governmental change.  A MEGA-PERSON will have the economic power to destroy currency, because I intend to port government and law into the realm of computer science, just as currency already has.  A “dress rehersal” is playing out today.  Two competing currencies – one is debt and joinder, sold as “value”, the other is value with no debt attached, and temporarily no TENDER FOR LAW either.  Etherium is going to change that.  Etherium is THE TENDER FOR LAW attached to a cryptographic currency; and you have an unambiguous way to write the law.  It then becomes evolution through natural selection.  If you write “bad law” you have “bad currency”, and the market will automatically reflect that.  This will plant the first seeds of “Open Source Government”.  Policy Enforcers will be tasked with the integrity of POLICIES and the rules set out in real time by the people.  You can repurpose these dumb thugs to follow orders enforcing laws that are generated in real time, and the dumb thug in question will be able to verify its authenticity instantly, and to deflect all SURETY for his actions.  The law is written for Etherium, and once implemented, becomes verifiable at each step in any transaction.  The fact the currency is being exchanged means there are two agreeable PARTIES with the computerized government/bank as the TRUSTEE.  We will then make the system compatible with all cultures.  You could write Sharia law into an Etherium contract, and computer science will determine if it’s compliant.  Mullas will absolutely love that they can produce mathematical proof that his “flock” are “good Muslims”.  Open Source law has to work for everyone; even those whose cultures and ideologies I personally loathe.  Otherwise it’s just more tyranny deployed from someone of noble birth.  If you think things are getting “hairy” with competing currencies, wait until a herd of MEGA-PERSONS form a competing government.

All of this has already started.  Think of me as the anti-Christ of all PERSONS.  Little niche services are already paying participants for their contribution.  Name Coin is a good example. This is a robustly trading currency that pays you for providing DNS services.  Each query that hits your contributing piece of hardware, whether it’s your phone, your iPAD or your desktop computer, will pay you in Name Coin.  The payment comes with the query.  The transaction is instantaneous, meaning your phone or your computer pays you for essentially being “turned on”.  As connectivity becomes more and more standardized, off-the-shelf phones, tablets, laptops and computers can suddenly be a device that pays you instead of costing you.  Staying in the realm of cryptographic currencies, a lot of money can be made by running a currency exchange.  To avoid legal entanglements it is vital that no cryptographic currency that passes into your PERSON’s custody ever be converted to FIAT currency.  Accepting the currency is accepting the terms.  The terms are “LEGAL”, and it has been “TENDERed” with PROPER NOTICE.  The JURISDICTION therefore is “LEGAL”; and ACCEPTING this currency ACCEPTS THE TENDER FOR LAW attached.  Yes that even applies to MEGA-PERSON; and as we construct MEGA-PERSON you will learn why that LEGAL BINDING alone turns MEGA-PERSON into a dreadful LEGAL weapon.

So let this article serve as PROPER NOTICE that we are constructing MEGA-PERSON; since its mandate is by its very nature hostile and destructive to any and all PERSONS, PRIVATE and/or PUBLIC, who participate in FRAUD OF ANY KIND.  This includes banks and government.  If the government can make slave PERSONS, so can you.

I’m building an Empire of Math, and I don’t care if you CONSENT, because reality doesn’t care either.  Lead, follow, or get out of the way.  Those are your RIGHTS under Open Source Government until it’s deployed.  The law will quite literally be written by the people.  The Common Law will be integrated as much as possible, but more importantly the first wave will only exist to make it easy for the second wave.  Just like in THE TENDER FOR LAW, only on a global scale.  At the moment it sounds ridiculous, but I remind you that two years ago all of you thought that having your own bank/currency was ridiculous too.  I know many of you have actually been affected by my writing/teachings at a very (dare I say?) PERSONAL level.  And to those who feel that way, know that you are the “first wave”.  You will teach those that follow.  This is a time of war, hence my Churchill-like demeanor, but notice Churchill was immediately booted from office once the war was over.  The same fate awaits me.  The power I’m building for everyone cannot be in my control after all of us have won.  As my beloved Tara has publicly announced that she seeks world domination, one of the first mandates of Open Source Government is to make sure that woman NEVER has control.  Just trust me on this people – of the two of us, I’M the NICE one.

Anyway…over the next year, we shall be putting these pieces together.  We are all going to draft law in controlled environments (for this we will use Etherium Alpha).  We are going to leverage open standards for profit (like binding a Facebook account to its own currency), and we are going to put all these pieces together into something you can immediately use for your own personal gain and profit.  This entire process is designed to excessively reward the “pioneers”.  This is a double-edged sword.  If you attempt to profit off of others, with no consideration (like current banks/government), the market automatically crashes your currency.  Core laws and principles will be determined through universal consensus.  Assembling legal contracts will become as simple as assembling Lego blocks, with the contracts and/or undertakings being as simple, or as complex, as the parties agree upon.

I end this article with a thought that I wish you to ponder.  If all PERSONS have a monetary value attached to them, along with undertakings to various degrees, and like myself you have liened the LEGAL PERSON as PROOF of RESIGNATION from Government Service, and you have affixed a monetary value to that name, and it is now a fact under LAW until you (the Supreme Authority) say otherwise, you can take that value and LEGALLY UNDERWRITE (insure) your own PERSONAL currency.

…and that’s coming up this year.  I’m going to teach you what the FREE-DUMBERS couldn’t…how to monetize your PERSON.  As with everything else I teach, I do not charge money.  Ever!  All you have to do is (NOTE: I’m only writing this to make the FREE-DUMBERS sqwak and cackle), SHUT THE FUCK UP AND DO WHAT YOU’RE TOLD.

NOTE: You really DO HAVE TO SHUT THE FUCK UP AND DO WHAT YOU’RE TOLD!  The price of admission is the acknowledgement and acceptance that all of my AXIOMS are TRUE, and the very first AXIOM is YOU THINK WRONG AND VALUE THE WRONG THINGS.  Over the past 18 months I’ve shown you why that’s true, and how it came to be.  Now we’re going to do something about it.  When I’m done everyone will think right, and will value the right things, and if they don’t a computer will make them.  Imagine making law that says you specifically must be left alone, and your government enforces it.  Imagine if everybody thinks right, and values the right things.  Natural Law will become written law, all on an exponential curve to evolve our species.  To evolve our societies, and above all, to evolve each and every PERSON.

RELEVANT: http://www.canlii.org/en/ca/fct/doc/2001/2001fct795/2001fct795.html [D. Webe – Contributing Research]

---
<p><a class="" href="https://web.archive.org/web/20190528015837/https://kentbarrett.com/agency/" targt="_blank">[Kent Barrett]</a></p>

---

#### The Law Of Agency
with University of Virginia School of Law Vice Dean George Geis

{{< youtube L_tsPzj27-0 >}}