+++
author = "Scott Duncan"
title = "Irish Rocco"
date = "2020-04-16"
description = "There are no good lawyers"
tags = [
    "1",
    "2",
    "#ScottIsAlwaysRight",
]
categories = [
    "A",
    "B",
    "C",
]
+++
# IRISH ROCCO!

So @DaveCullen plays the naive "useful idiot' and sets you all up for a fleecing.

https://www.minds.com/newsfeed/1141794890200764416 

How? Well let's walk through it, shall we?

I'm going to sound like a broken record here, but you don't actually listen to the axioms you affectionately call "Scottisms". You'll hear the words, and you'll comprehend their meaning. Like many of the things I tell you, when you hear them you know they're true. When reminded, you'll nod sagely in the knowledge you have this useful information. Time will pass, and you'll need to be reminded again.

In this particular case, we're going with the all-encompassing "There's no such thing as a good lawyer". If this is a difficult concept, think "good pedophile" and try to square that in your head. Your rejection of the idea should be just as instant with good lawyers. There's no such thing. There's no such thing because they can't be. These ethically bankrupt people open with the notion that they "own" all individuals. However, today we're going to talk about a specific lawyer.

Like Rocco Galati, this woman is the most vile of the parasite class. We call them "Pro-Boners", because they're the ones fucking you. If you're in a country where the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has any presence, then your legal system makes money - literally. This is certainly true in the case of Ireland. As all legal process regarding money is internationally standardized, I don't even have to look at any Irish "LAW", and I can know with absolute certainty that there's a Bank Act, an Interpretations Act, and a Bills of Exchange Act. I can also say with absolute certainty that within those definitions, a LEGAL DOCUMENT which contains on its face TWO SIGNATURES and a TRUSTEE, is in fact, a SECURITY. These are just facts and they're not open to debate. I don't care what lies you believe, I don't care about your idiotic interpretation; if it contradicts what I'm saying here it is WRONG!

Nothing you say, think, feel, believe, do, will change that fact, so just shut the fuck up before you start.

What this effectively means is that if a lawyer gets a case into court, money is being generated. How much money? It really depends on how much money the lawyer can get from you. This allows them to FRACTIONALLY RESERVE that money with the SECURITIES being generated. Only a lawyer or a chartered accountant has the authority to convert these SECURITIES into the money you idiots know and love.

Here's another fun fact: Every single country that has an IMF presence also has LEGAL Facilitations for "Special" corporations which can only be held by lawyers AND accountants. In Canada it is the "LLP or Limited Liability Partnership". You can only form one if you are a lawyer, or an accountant. This structure is true in every country with an IMF presence. They all have an "LLP" parallel reserved exclusively for Lawyers and Accountants. There are no exceptions to this rule.

You now know enough to understand this conversation.

So let's talk about Rocco's counterpart in Ireland, Tracey O'Mahony, who is in fact a BARRISTER. Take note that she is not an ATTORNEY. Only American lawyers are ATTORNEYS. Everywhere there's only one ATTORNEY, which would be the Crown Attorney. That said, I'd like to start a collection of bullshit answers lawyers give when you ask what, in fact, an attorney attorns. But we're not talking about attorneys, we're talking about the "heroic" Tracey O'Mahony, who like the religious nut on a street corner with a cup of pencils saying, "God Bless", is also begging for your donations; because if you donate, you'll be helping this "good lawyer" who gets to FRACTIONALLY RESERVE that shit, win or lose.

This brings us to another concept which you learned from television, but which has no basis in reality. I'm talking about, of course, the concept of PRO BONO. While the concept of PRO BONO is "legally codified" it always refers to a lawyer's discretion after disbursements and costs, which is what those fractionally reserved securities are. It's probably much higher, but in my day you could fractionally reserve a Supreme Court Case for nine times the value. That means for every dollar you give a lawyer, they make nine. So ask yourself what the true motivation is here. It's certainly not your fucking rights. If voting changed anything they wouldn't let you do it. The same is true for going to court.

For seven years I, and my noble pirates, waged a war against the Law Society of Upper Canada, and we "kind of" won. The Law Society of Upper Canada is no more. It was an ORGANIZATION. The Law Society of Ontario is just a corporation. You can find it listed on Dunn and Bradstreet, and it's run by the most ignorant, unqualified, commie-libtards any university has ever produced. Serendipitously, the police chief and the police union boss have bailed - both positions sit empty and are occupied by "temporary" parties who are only barely qualified to hold the position, and certainly nobody's first choice.

The same crumbling of existing power structures is happening in Ireland. Every lawyer sees the writing on the wall. The Attorney General gravy train is going to go off the rails soon. The organizations and institutions that form what you believe is "The Rule of Law" (which arguably created the greatest civilization in history), have no captains, and they're steering blindly. Law Societies and Bars are no longer providing the necessary oversight, and they certainly don't have "cleaning staff" of my qualifications. This was not true twenty years ago.

My war with the Law Society is regional and incidental at best; but those who have been watching for the last seven years know the seeds that I plant, and the scale to which they grow. I even made a public record which you can examine if you know where to look, which shows distinctly that I am responsible for all of it. Be it government, or corporation, like any other parasitic entity, the new Law Societies are only interested in how much money they can make from them. As long as you don't understand money, while at the same time labouring a third of your life for it, you will always be vulnerable to the type of insidious con-jobs that the likes of Rocco Galati and Tracey O'Mahony so deftly ply. You fall for it every time, and this is a dangerous time for that to happen, because universally corporations, governments and the Law Society are learning that "exposure has no real-world practical consequence".

What do you suppose is going to happen when it comes out that we did all this COVID shit for nothing, and that it was all a big scam. Be honest with yourself. Will you, or anyone you know, actually do anything about it? Of course the answer is, "No", and I say this with such certainty because historically no one ever does. Showing somebody the truth doesn't suddenly make them brave. That's a harsh lesson Julian Assange learned all too late. In many ways, I learned that lesson the hard way too. And now, everybody's rallying behind these con artists, and truly believe they're going to charge into the sacred building and go before men in dresses, and use their Magic Arts Degree to conjur "JUSTICE". If that sounds retarded to you it's because it is, but it's what you believe. At this point there's really nothing I can do to change that, and I'm sorry you missed THE TENDER FOR LAW, but I really tried. I mention it because I want you to know I'm not simply dismissing this out-of-hand. A lot of history was deleted when I was deleted. However, I tried, really tried, to show all of you before it was too late.

It's 2020, and hiring a lawyer will make you a victim. Also historically, victims seek me out. I expect to be found by thousands of determined people, and I'm already on the public record about how I feel regarding those kinds. I was never out here claiming to want to help you, or to save you. The only value I gained was when you held these people's feet to the fire, and you confirmed what I said was true, and that every one of them knew exactly where this knowledge was coming from. That has always been my agenda since Day 1. I have stated it on thousands of occasions, and if you say my agenda consists of anything else but what I said, you are lying with intent! The only value you can ever provide to me is to disseminate where these questions are coming from - and they're ALWAYS questions. The phrase "Scott Duncan says..." is a lie, because you're not qualified to quote me; and changing what I say is lying about what I say.

The worst part about all of this is that everyone is victimized by these scam artist lawyers pretending to be "fighting for your rights". Fact: Every "consitutional" lawyer is a money-grubbing parasite who feeds off your credulity, damages the Rule of Law at its core, and weakens any founding principles on which a nation is built. These are the real world effects you are too ignorant/stupid to grasp. Yes, you're ignorant and stupid, as you don't even know what money is, and because of your ignorance and apathy these parasites run around unchecked, and will always line their pockets with money taken by your credulity. All I can do is warn you that you're feeding a parasite. The only effective way to get rid of a parasite is to starve it out. Stop feeding the parasites, and don't listen to their lies about where the money goes. The "COURT COSTS" are already paid.

Go on, submit something to the court without paying, I dare you! Why aren't these donations paid into the court to cover the costs? This is your magic holy shrine. Shouldn't they be entrusted with the money? Why is Rocco's wallet, or Tracey's purse, a better place for these "expenses"? You could see publicly how much was donated to the court costs, and she could work PRO BONO. Why isn't she doing that? Have that $200.00 donation ready and I'll show you how to use it to file an exact, identical case; so you've already paid down the very first court "expense". Have you ever gone to the grocery store and then worried about grocery store costs afterwards? The only cost is the Attorney General money these cases make. I can't dumb it down any further. Every time you create a SECURITY it's going to "cost" someone, and LEGALLY the PARTY WITH SURETY is the PARTY obligated to pay those costs. So tell me good citizens, in Rocco's and Tracey's case, who is the party with surety? Remember, Rocco and Tracey will get paid, win or lose. It's just a fight over who gets the lion's share of the Attorney General money. Just as you would hire Roguesupport through a contract, so too does a JUSTICE occupy a SUPERNUMERARY position. An APPOINTMENT just gives them the LEGAL RIGHT to ACT as a "JUSTICE".

You'll notice you don't see me use the word "JUDGE" because with the exception of the United States, there are no JUDGES anywhere the IMF has a presence. This was a recent long-con scam that Canada pulled on the general public from 1972 to present. The difference between a judge and a justice is that a JUDGE is a position of TRUST, and the position is held for the benefit of the public. It's a concept that every government worker has forgotten called, "Holding the PUBLIC TRUST". A justice is appointed. Even then that appointment merely grants them a lifelong license to ACT as a JUSTICE. They do not hold the public trust, and they are paid by the very same parties prosecuting you in every government legal proceeding.

Naive optimists like Mr. Cullen, have actually gone so far as to raise this issue about the blatant conflict of interest presented in every criminal proceeding, and our Superior Courts have ruled on it by saying, "No it isn't". And now every time the issue is raised, the courts simply respond that the issue has been ruled on, and they'll point you to the relevant case law; which has happened in every jurisdiction the IMF has a presence.

You're welcome to try this, and after they point you to REGINA V. GOFUCKYOURSELF and its ludicrous basis of "reasons" and "because"...you don't get to come back to me and apologize. If you went through this yourself and confirmed it, I don't want to hear about it, because it has no value; unless you were in court declaring that Scott Duncan said you should ask these questions. That has value, because if they know where this is coming from, it has value to ME (And I'm the only one who really counts in this exchange of VALUE). To understand anything I have to say, and to comprehend any truth I might point to, you must understand money and you must understand JOINDER. Only then can you truly comprehend VALUE, because those who have watched me the past decade have seen me point to these things in a lot less hostile way, and they followed the "Trust but verify" doctrine while I was dictating it.

"Trust but verify" - this too is one of my famous axioms. Since Day 1, I have always stated this phrase. Trust what I say is true, but verify it, because only then can you truly understand. When you truly understand something, nobody can lie to you about it. When it comes to law and computer science, #SCOTTISALWAYSRIGHT. Consider it the Number 1 Rule of the Universe. Since the universe appears to be intact, you can trust that Rocco and Tracey are scamming you, and they have mastered the art of lining their pockets through your good intentions, ignorance and credulity.

Follow the money, but learn what it is first, because while some of my most "loyal followers" may understand money, they only have a 20-20 hindsight of value. I'm here to tell you I have achieved a lot more value from teaching people and making people insanely rich a decade ago, than I could ever buy with any amount of money. This sort of tees up that last axiom, and arguably the most important one.

"You think wrong, and you value the wrong things".

Because of this one fact, in my youth I inflicted unspeakable crimes on you, and your own self-inflicted ignorance and apathy makes you incapable of even understanding what that crime is. I have done a lot, and I've sacrificed a lot to partially atone for that crime and to delay, as long as possible, the end of the greatest civilization humanity has ever seen. You have opted for a world where humanity doesn't even matter, where humanity is a useful but disposable commodity. Like gasoline. We make more polymer products from the oil we extract than we do fuel. Most people don't know that.

In the end I'll make sure everyone else has the opportunity to collect on the promises that were made; and while it sounds like a lot of study, remember that a law degree is no different than a Genderfaggot Studies Degree(tm). Over the past twenty years my biggest barrier has been that all of you are just too generally ignorant to understand what's been stolen from you...and as Sagan predicted you're unable to tell the difference between what's true and what feels good. There's always a Rocco or a Tracey there to exploit this.

This is an unfixable problem, but that doesn't mean you have to contribute to it. If you trust nothing else that I say, trust this. There is no such thing as a "good lawyer". There are absolutely no exceptions to this rule. One day, voluntarily or involuntarily, you will learn this lesson. While we're waiting for that to happen...stop feeding the parasites. If you think a lawyer is going to do anything for your freedom or your rights, then there's nothing for it. I can't connect with that level of ignorance and apathy, and I have to accept the fact that you're a stupid loser, and that's just what you are.

To the rest of you; learn from history. We take for granted we can communicate with the other side of the world, which means news will always move faster than the war machine. Everything has become standardized, and you're all too ignorant to know how anything works any more. It's my one "extraordinary ability". There's a solid, demonstrable and reproduceable proof that computer science literally is the answer to everything. It's not some secret religious code. You simply have to understand how the machines work, and how reality works. This means you have to actually understand science. I'm speaking of reality-based science, not the "women have penises" type of "science". Actual science!

I literally have the answer to everything, and I'm the only man LEGALLY allowed to say the things that I do. Every lawyer knows what I'm saying is true, and any lawyer that contradicts what I'm saying is lying to you. There are no exceptions to this rule. Stop enabling the parasites. You don't have to contribute to the evil that the law society propagates. I understand that you want to "do something", but I'm here to tell you it's far, far too late. I can declare with absolute certainty that none of the answers or solutions you seek will come from a lawyer. Ever.

https://www.minds.com/aquilaetrust/blog/irish-rocco-1141891784993755136