+++
author = "ROGUESUPPORT INC"
title = "JOINDER FOR IDIOTS"
date = "2014-05-05"
description = ""
tags = [
    "1",
    "2",
    "#ScottIsAlwaysRight",
]
categories = [
    "A",
    "B",
    "C",
]
weight = "15"
+++


THE TENDER FOR LAW: JOINDER FOR IDIOTS (c) 2014 ROGUESUPPORT INC. under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License.

Well, spring is here.  The days are getting longer, tulips and other spring shit are showing up; I’m sure somewhere there are robins and stuff, and the FREE-DUMBERS seem to have bred and left shit-stains all over.  It’s time to do something about that.Today we are going to discuss the LEGAL NAME, the different case and spelling, and what it REALLY means.Your average FREE-DUMBER will say your capitalized name is a “CORPORATION”, and will attempt to sound smart by saying Latin phrases like, “Capitus Dickus Erectus“, or some other such nonsense that has no bearing on reality.  The case and spelling of your name is the direct result of administrative policy – and nothing more.  As many of you former fuck-wits have learned, none of this is hidden.  They must give NOTICE, so they can make their presumptions, because “ignorance of the law is no excuse”.

Let’s just cover the various classes of names and what they mean here in reality.The GOVERNMENT (mistakenly) knows me as John Scott Duncan.The GOVERNMENT may also mistakenly know me as JOHN SCOTT DUNCAN….and the GOVERNMENT may FRAUDULENTLY “know” me as John Scott, DUNCAN.So what’s the difference?  What do these names really mean?  Since I always give away the answer right at the beginning, (this article contains spoilers), you’ll notice in the last example I stated it was FRAUD.  Those of you with IQ’s above room temperature will realize that I do not consent to joinder with the GOVERNMENT, and therefore any indication of such joinder is FRAUD.

To be clear,  John Scott, DUNCAN indicates joinder and is, in fact, FRAUD.  It is in fact FRAUD because the AQUILAE TRUST exists.  Those of you who have followed the history know that the AQUILAE TRUST was commissioned in 1982.  In order to fulfill their duties, the commissioners of that TRUST, in order to act as trustees, MUST RESIGN from ANY and ALL GOVERNMENT service.  Emphasis on the word, RESIGN.  Say the word out loud – “RESIGN”.  Not “NOTICE OF FREE-DUMB UNDERSTANDING AND RETARDEDLY CLAIMING LEGAL RIGHTS”.  Seriously, Free-Dumbers! What the fuck is up with that?  I know there are some stupid dumb-ass FREE-DUMBERS reading this, so answer me this; If you’re claiming “RIGHTS” from an ORGANIZATION that only has LEGAL RIGHTS to “OFFER”, exactly what kind of rights do you think you’re CLAIMING?

…I digress.

Put yourself in a GOVERNMENT worker’s shoes.  In this example we’ll use one of the infiltrators who are currently residing in this group.  Suspending disbelief to an extreme proportion, we’ll cover the extremely unlikely scenario of one of you infiltrators realizing that you’re a worthless sack-of-shit who has trouble looking at himself in the mirror, and realizing he has some atoning to do (I say “he” because women who work for the GOVERNMENT are are infected with STUPID CUNT SYNDROME and nothing will cure them).  Let’s say our infiltrator has decided he doesn’t want to work in this job anymore.  He wants to quit; so of course he immediately writes his supervisor A NOTICE OF UNDERSTANDING AND CLAIM OF RIGHT…

…What?

That’s not what they do?

Well, that’s the last time I listen to Robert Menard!

I’m completely stumped now.  I don’t know what that GOVERNMENT worker would do if he didn’t want to be a GOVERNMENT worker anymore.  Perhaps if all the Christians here could pray really hard, the answer would come to me! 😀

…nope! Gettin’ nothing.

You’re just not praying hard enough I guess. 🙁

…Ok, I’ve pushed the joke as far as I can.

Let me give a preemptive, “Eat a dick!”, to any and all FREE-DUMBERS who are thinking of posing the proposition that “NOTICE OF UNDERSTANDING AND CLAIM OF RIGHT” is the same as resigning.  IT’S NOT.  I guarantee that you have never resigned from a job with a “NOTICE OF UNDERSTANDING AND CLAIM OF RIGHT”, and until you do… Eat A Dick. I

n the early days of THE TENDER FOR LAW Tony “sounds-like-he’s-got-a-dick-in-his-mouth” Butros would “demand proof”.  He thinks idiotic concepts like “STRAWMAN” are sacred doctrine, but he’ll “demand proof” of what’s right in front of him – even though it’s self-evident.

Let’s go back to 1982.  In 1982, Elizabeth Windsor was COMPELLED to ratify the UK CANADA ACT, 1982.  You don’t know it as that.  You know it as the “CANADIAN CHARTER OF RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS”.

Since I’ve spent the last month pointing out in pain-staking detail, everything Dean is WRONG about, I feel it is my duty and obligation to point out the things he is RIGHT about.  He is right about citing and standing under the CANADIAN BILL OF RIGHTS, 1960, if you are going to ACT in a LEGAL capacity.  Looking it up on Wikipedia, I showed you in an earlier article, the weasel-words they used to define it. Wikipedia parrots the same as every other source on the subject.  My personal favorite is when they say that the 1960’s BILL OF RIGHTS was “ineffective”.  They just neglect to state who it was ineffective FOR.  It protected too many rights and courts had difficulty obtaining JOINDER.  The UK CANADA ACT “solved” this problem by making every “CITIZEN” an AGENT of the CROWN.  AGENT of the CROWN.  This is the point I want everyone to pay attention to –  the “LEGAL mechanics” of this presumed agency.

Let’s look at the word, “agency”.  In this example we’ll work with everybody’s favorite “AGENCY”, the NSA, or National Security AGENCY.  The NSA is an ORGANIZATION of AGENTS executing POLICY.  Those who execute POLICY through AGENCY do so FOR an ORGANIZATION.   This is the point at which we have to get out our decoder rings.  You will recall the Maxim of Law which states essentially that, “the inclusion of one thing excludes everything else”.  You’ll also recall that (at least in Canada) EVERYONE INCLUDES “HER MAJESTY AND AN ORGANIZATION”.  If you are an AGENT of the CROWN, by default you are ACTING as AGENT of HER MAJESTY.

Let’s go back to the NSA.  In this parallel model “HOMELAND SECURITY” will be playing the role of HER MAJESTY.  The NSA plays the role of THE ORGANIZATION of AGENTS who EXECUTE POLICY from HER MAJESTY.  It doesn’t matter what document or title you give dumb plebes who only obey orders, to use, you simply have to have this mechanism in place.

ORGANIZATIONS with AUTHORITY acting on the MANDATE of a “HIGHER AUTHORITY“:  You have been programmed with this mechanism since childhood.  Idiotic theists belching bullshit like “Law comes from the Creator” or “God” are a good example.  Here in reality this is simply a mechanism that’s in place to trigger your programming.  LAW always comes from “HIGHER AUTHORITY”.  Those of us who exist in reality will very quickly see that it doesn’t matter if that “HIGHER AUTHORITY” even exists.  That’s never a question in LAW.  This is why obedience to authority is instilled as a “virtue” at a very early age.  That is the mechanism of the Noble Lie.  All this “law” everyone is on about, comes from nothing.  All of YOU put this mechanism here, and through your own programming, allowed the banks to take over.  To this day the GOVERNMENT borrows from private banks, instead of your bank.  Under the “Supreme Law of Canada” it has been going on for so long, you don’t even have the right to have a court hear this blatantly ILLEGAL act.  The “AUTHORITY” doesn’t exist and they disclose it; and now you’re left with an automated, self-maintaining mechanism of stupid GOVERNMENT plebes acting on “orders” from “someplace else with higher authority“.

Here’s how it works.  The UK CANADA ACT starts out with EVERYONE, even though the term is undefined.  It cites “God”, more specifically the Catholic God as the SUPREME AUTHORITY.  I’m not making that up.  This part of the LEGAL mechanism quite literally says, “it came from God, we swear, ask the pope”.  Those who actually believe in “God”, especially the Catholic god, fall into one of two categories here in reality.  If you believe in the Catholic god, you are either delusional, or you are a FRAUD artist.  There are no other possibilities.  The guys who invented the Ouija board know it doesn’t work.  They know this because they invented it.  The Nobility invented your god in the 1500’s, KING JAMES BIBLE – it says who’s scamming you right on the cover.  It’s copyrighted.

Here in reality God isn’t real,  just like Harry Potter isn’t real.  Harry Potter is copyrighted as well.  The only reason you copyright anything is because you MADE IT, and you want to sell it LEGALLY with LEGAL protections.  Those are the only things a copyright is good for.  Everyone follow so far?So, here in reality, a bunch of nobles in the 1500’s MADE up some shit and copyrighted it under the new LEGAL mechanism that they made up.  The population after two generations of indoctrination in the new KING JAMES BIBLE think “The KING JAMES BIBLE is true because it says it’s true in the KING JAMES BIBLE”, is rational thought.

This means you’ll look at any LEGAL mechanism and think the SAME bullshit –  “LEGAL stuff is true because it says so in this LEGAL document”.  As soon as you accept this ridiculous concept AS true, there is JOINDER.  You’ve sat at the table and you’ve started moving chess pieces around, and joinder is presumed.  You are playing a game of chess.  However, LAW is slightly different.  The key point all of you seem to have missed in my last document is that LAW only operates under “PRACTICING” DEFINITIONS, as LAW HAS NO DEFINITION IN LEGAL JURISDICTION!

As late as 1972, the House of Lords was debating whether LAW even SHOULD be defined, and if it was even a DESIRABLE thing to do!  That’s the last time the issue was ever discussed.  So when you hear the word “LAW”, and/or weasel word phrases that have no definition, such as “The Rule of Law”, know that all these things are UNDEFINED.  It is the reason LEGAL documents need a “Definitions” section, as LAW itself is undefined.And now I must stop and focus on a few key points.

They’re IMPORTANT so PAY ATTENTION.

First I want to put this to rest once and for all.  Everything you read in this document regarding the NAME, BIRTH CERTIFICATE and STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH, is FACT. I will NOT tolerate ANYONE saying different. Any FREE-DUMBER, or deluded Christian who says otherwise is LYING TO YOU.  They are either lying to you with INTENT, or they are lying to you as an AGENT of the Nobility.  Here in reality they are doing it in the capacity of DELUSION, or FRAUD.  To quote from one of my previous articles (just search for “Where Dean Fucked-Up”), “Dean would have been better off coming into court waving Tricia Helfer’s STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH around”.  I stated unequivocally that the introduction of the STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH, gave THEM JURISDICTION the moment he CITED his STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH.

So let’s get “up close and personal”.  We are going to extrapolate backwards here in reality. Here in reality, before you were conscious and aware, it is a foregone conclusion that at some time in your past, your mother decided that “tonight you weren’t going to be a blow-job”, and thus you were conceived.  Legally this has nothing to do with “life”.  I cannot go to the Registrar General and find a “STATEMENT OF CONCEPTION”.  I can, however, find a STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH.  It’s a STATEMENT,  just like “I have a large penis” is a STATEMENT.  Let’s look at the weight of statements.  If I write the words in this document “I have a large penis”, the truth of that statement is different to every reader.  Those with no experience with my penis will have to rely on belief and/or trust that the statement is true.  However, if Tara makes the statement, “Scott has a large penis!”, it is only your endorsement of Tara’s word that gives that statement “weight”.  Therefore even the most dim-witted FREE-DUMBER will see that, in their empty little heads, STATEMENTS from third-parties have more “weight”.  If your mother gave birth to you and then immediately drafted a document titled… oh, let’s say,  “STATEMENT OF SQUIRTING OUT A KID” with some boiler-plate legal crap about how she just squirted out a child:  While this MAY have SOME “LEGAL weight” in the form of “SWORN STATEMENT” it does not have the same weight as that same statement backed by witnesses.  If you’re a FREE-DUMBER your parents were likely hillbillys or at least living in a trailer park.  On the STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH, your parents told the author of this STATEMENT what they were going to name you.  This name was likely a name that wealthy and/or famous people name their children because, that’s what hillbillies, and people who live in trailer parks, do.  …and none of you FREE-DUMBERS have original thought, anyway.

…again, I digress.

Sorry :(The third-party making this statement, and witnessed by your parents, have now LEGALLY recorded an EVENT.  Events in LAW ALWAYS function in legal mechanisms as a catalyst, or “fuel” to give the legal mechanism “motion”.   Motion is always forward momentum, both in law and reality.  I just know there’s a FREE-DUMBER right now going, “Duh, dat’s not true! I can put my car in reverse.” To which I respond, “Eat a dick…you’re too fucking stupid for words.  And your only purpose in life is for me to make fun of you.”

Being a prorogued noble, I am very familiar with what everybody likes to refer to as “The Matrix”.  For me personally, it spans even farther, because it covers all the definitions of “The Matrix”.  Hell, my brother even went all “Wachowski Brothers” on everyone, and made himself a girl.   No, Really.  …so don’t talk to ME about the fucking Matrix! We’re only concerned with the LEGAL Matrix, which you will find is actually legally defined.  If you wish to look further into this, I’m sure Derek Moran would like to circle-jerk with you to clubhouse rules for a club you are not part of.  You can cum on his face in an orgasm of enlightenment.  Here in reality, the only thing you need to know about the LEGAL definition of MATRIX is that it requires a FOUNDATION and/or SOURCE “authority”.  Anything regarding your name starts from that FOUNDATION DOCUMENT that you know as the STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH.  It was AUTHORED (AUTHOR, AUTHORity.  Everybody get that?) by your parents and the doctor that delivered the baby.  Though the form that the STATEMENT was AUTHORED on may have been supplied by the GOVERNMENT, there is no mention of the GOVERNMENT and/or LAW on this STATEMENT.  This STATEMENT is simply a record of an event that is now LEGAL FACT.  Should this document enter LEGAL jurisdiction, the weight of this third party sworn STATEMENT means that the contents of this STATEMENT are LEGALLY indisputable, and therefore meets the LEGAL requirements of a MATRIX FOUNDATION.  Using the LEGAL weight of this document, the GOVERNMENT, under the AUTHORITY and INSTRUCTION of your parents, SECURED the LEGAL RIGHTS of any value that FACT (being your name) may generate, henceforth.  Because your parents were the GRANTORS of this “psuedo-trust” and the act of SECURITIZING your NAME is now complete, the GOVERNMENT henceforth can now LEGALLY presume ENTITLEMENT to all value attached to the SECURITIZED NAME.  Your BIRTH CERTIFICATE, certifies this as fact under LAW.

But what exactly is your BIRTH CERTIFICATE?  Your BIRTH CERTIFICATE has absolutely nothing to do with your BIRTH.  It exists because the information on that STATEMENT functioned as a catalyst for the CREATION of the BIRTH CERTIFICATE.  When the REGISTRAR GENERAL tells the public that their only role is to “record events”, they are making a Robert Menard-grade lie of omission.  When the REGISTRAR GENERAL states that they only record events, it is your own moronic ego that makes you presume the EVENT that they recorded was your insignificant birth.

Here in reality, the BIRTH CERTIFICATE is a PUBLIC RECORD that a CROWN ORGANIZATION was ORGANIZED on that date.  Confused yet?  Let’s look at all the words in a Tender For Law fashion.  In our parallel example, the NSA is an ORGANIZATION.  While an ORGANIZATION is NOT a PERSON, it does have the ability to ACT as a LEGAL PERSON.  In doing so, it has the LEGAL RIGHTS of a LEGAL PERSON.  This means that an ORGANIZATION ACTING as a LEGAL PERSON may hold an INTEREST IN PROPERTY, may ACT in COMMERCE (but only through TENDER), and has the LIMITED LIABILITY of a CORPORATION.  This is why AGENTS of the NSA MUST be BONDED (SECURITIZED), and INSURED.  It’s Proof, and AUTHORIZATION to ACT as AGENT for the ORGANIZATION that you have JOINDER with.

Let’s say tomorrow, you wish to join the ranks of the NSA.  You approach the NSA and you tell them that you have no problem being a worthless, parasitic douchebag that gets paid with money that is taken by force from others.  They,  as fellow douchebags, accept.  This means that you must be BONDED and INSURED, and receive special schooling so you can be QUALIFIED to be a PROFESSIONAL douchebag.  As a result of this AGREEMENT, the ORGANIZATION called the NSA, ORGANIZED itself to ACCOUNT for its new AGENT.

Let’s snap back to reality and examine the parallel. We will walk through the thread of this MATRIX, step-by-step, starting with the STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH.  THE STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH became “real” when your parents, and the doctor signed it.  If you look at this piece of paper, you’ll notice the paper does nothing.  It does not move, it does not “perform”.  It is, in fact, here in reality, a piece of paper with data on it.  It has about as much power to affect the real world as a corpse does.  It doesn’t matter how much you believe in zombies, it’s still just a piece of paper with data on it.  (Spoiler: The data in question, is in fact, when your parents INFORMED against you.)  It is a DEAD INSTRUMENT that facilitates presumption only! …Such as, oh, I don’t know, “you’re a child of UNKNOWN PARENTAGE”.  Things like that.  The only reason this “LEGAL STATEMENT” exists is to TENDER LAW.  The BIRTH CERTIFICATE is in fact PROOF that the GRANTORS of the STATEMENT “YOU (insert name here) are of UNKNOWN PARENTAGE”, as STATED in the STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH, and the STATEMENT is, in fact true.  It’s so true that it’s CERTIFIED.

Note that the BIRTH CERTIFICATE and the STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH have absolutely nothing to do with each other.  If you actually examine a STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH, you will see that it only contains INFORMATION.  It does not CERTIFY anything.  The BIRTH CERTIFICATE CERTIFIES the INFORMATION “found” on the STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH.  This triggers a “red pill/blue pill” fork in this MATRIX.  To explain what I mean by this, we have to jump back to the NSA.

When we left our parallel, YOU have begged to be a PROFESSIONAL douchebag and the ORGANIZATION ACCEPTED.  Each time an ORGANIZATION aquires a new AGENT, the ORGANIZATION itself must be RE-ORGANIZED, because an ORGANIZATION is just as dead as your STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH.  It’s a piece of paper, here in reality.  It won’t go shopping for you.  It won’t give you a blowjob.  (But if used properly, it can rob a bank for you!  To see examples of this, refer to… pretty much anything that happened in 2008). The point is, it’s just a dead piece of paper.  In order for the MANDATE written on a dead piece of paper to have “life”, something ALIVE must ACT as a PROXY to affect the real world.  Since we’re pretty much the only LIVING species on the planet that has any hope of even reading the information on this dead DOCUMENT, it means that a MAN (don’t use a woman, she’ll just fuck it up!), must ACT as AGENT on BEHALF of the ORGANIZATIONAL ENTITY.  Because it is an ENTITY.  It is an ENTITY that ACTS as a PERSON.  An AGENT does not ACT as a PERSON.

I’ll say that again: An AGENT does not ACT as a PERSON.  Ever.  Not even once!  If you’re an AGENT of the NSA, that’s what you are LEGALLY.  You are not a PERSON named Agent (insert name here).  An AGENT  is a TRUSTEE for the ORGANIZATION it REPRESENTS.  When an NSA AGENT shows you his BADGE, he is showing you a COPY of the PUBLIC RECORD of an ORGANIZATION called the NSA.  The NSA is an ORGANIZATION that exists to EXECUTE real world tasks through AGENCY with the AUTHORITY of HOMELAND SECURITY(HER MAJESTY).

That’s as dumbed-down as I can make it.  I hope you can see the parallels, but I’ve dedicated all the work I’m going to, to dumb it down.  The subject of this article is JOINDER.  It took this long to set the stage.

JOINDER is one of those interesting LEGALESE words that has no English synonym. As a result, this PURE LEGALESE has “leaked” into English. Those of you who have been studying remember your very first revelation that the LEGAL DEFINITION of “PERSON” is not the Oxford English DEFINITION of PERSON.  In fact, they had two very distinct DEFINITIONS, one of which, you didn’t know.  JOINDER is not like that.  JOINDER is 100% LEGALESE.  Some years, the Oxford Dictionary mentions the word as a “colloquial term” but most editions exclude it altogether.  A recent Google search revealed that this week’s Miriam-Webster Dictionary includes a very concise DEFINITION and so, a pretend word has become real.  Therefore, JOINDER is a LEGAL term. Even its English references say it. In this forum (THE TENDER FOR LAW), we define LEGAL as “It’s all SURETY and ACCOUNTING”.  Since we want to avoid the SURETY and ACCOUNTING that is LEGAL JURISDICTION, we most certainly want to avoid JOINDER.  This means JOINDER of ANY sort.  In the old days, when owning SLAVES was a lot more personal, SLAVES often traveled from the plantation under LICENSE from the plantation OWNER.  The SLAVE in question often had a BRAND.  This brand is a “Portable Public Record” and indicated who held LEGAL TITLE to the SLAVE.  The SLAVE was PROPERTY, not a PERSON.  The GOVERNMENT OWNS all PROPERTY.  A PERSON is not PROPERTY.  An AGENT is not a PERSON.  A SLAVE can perform tasks on behalf of its plantation OWNER, and to complete these tasks, the SLAVE may be required to ACT as AGENT for the plantation. The slave is at NO TIME, CONSIDERED A PERSON. The slave is considered an AGENT. The BRAND is the PUBLIC RECORD as to what ORGANIZATION (Plantation) the SLAVE is ACTING as AGENT for.

Moving back to the present and the examples of the name “John Scott Duncan”, you will notice earlier in this article I DECLARED one of them FRAUD.  You will recall this as “John Scott, DUNCAN”. This version basically says that the particular freerange cattle known as “John Scott Duncan” has been “BRANDED” with JOINDER.  It is an indication that this particular version of the BRAND may be immediately MONETIZED as there is no question of JOINDER. Presented as John Scott, DUNCAN, the name is a PUBLIC RECORD of JOINDER WITH UNDERTAKINGS. Since this cannot be true, the very presentation of “John Scott, DUNCAN” in a LEGAL capacity, is ALWAYS FRAUD.

So, let’s go through how the LAW SOCIETY categorizes the freerange cattle that are their “WARDS OF THE COURT”.  As freerange cattle that is PROPERTY of the GOVERNMENT (an ORGANIZATION), you need to be ACCOUNTED for.  Just like cattle.  Depending on how your name is spelled, and what follows will likely make Derek Moran cry as this is one of those “Gold Nuggets” every one keeps referring to:

john scott duncan = a man. A Semi-evolved chimp, that made it this far.
John Scott Duncan = REGISTERED AGENT for the CROWN ORGANIZATION. In order to ACT as AGENT in this CAPACITY you MUST be ACTING AS HER MAJESTY.
JOHN SCOTT DUNCAN = LEGAL NAME, LEGAL ENTITY, REGISTERED CROWN ORGANIZATION.  This is where all the ACCOUNTING and SURETY happens.  When you use this name, you are ACTING in COMMERCE.  When you use this name, there is always a MONETARY VALUE attached to it.  Under ADMIRALTY JURISDICTION this would be a “VESSEL”.

John Scott, DUNCAN = HER MAJESTY AND AN ORGANIZATION.

This means that “dean clifford” is in jail.  Here in REALITY, he physically occupies space in a jail.  The reason “dean clifford” is in this unfortunate circumstance is because he waived around a STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH claiming that “dean clifford” was in fact “Dean Clifford“.  This, of course, is untrue, as the STATEMENT OF LIVE BIRTH is just a dead INSTRUMENT with INFORMATION on it.  However, it is in fact the FOUNDATION DOCUMENT for the SECURITIZATION of “DEAN CLIFFORD”, which “dean clifford” has also been “found” to be a HOLDER OF.  As this is all FRAUD, he simply cannot be a “LAWFUL HOLDER”.  This means “dean clifford” is now in fact “Dean, CLIFFORD”, and is therefor ACTING in the role of HER MAJESTY AND AN ORGANIZATION!

You’ll recall when JOINDER occurred in an earlier article.  Dean, CLIFFORD is now, in fact, a PUBLIC RECORD of JOINDER.  LEGALLY this name does not, and cannot, mean anything else.  In other news, regarding Dean, CLIFFORD: Dean, CLIFFORD, who was until recently facing FEDERAL WEAPONS CHARGES, has decided to try his hand at “bought and paid-for POLICE INFORMANT: WEAPONS DIVISION”.  As I understand it, his “WEAPONS CHARGE” was a fully loaded .25 caliber “PROHIBITED WEAPON”. This carries some pretty stiff consequences, if CASE LAW is a record.  Since they’ve already confiscated the WEAPON, the ACCOUNTABLE MAN (AGENT) must be called to ACCOUNT.  This requires significant preparation.  It requires INFORMATION to be gathered.  While this process is occurring, the POLICE and the CROWN will attempt to “make a deal”.  If you’re busted for a small amount of drugs, they will “make a deal” so they can get to a larger cache of drugs.  They’ll expect you to “rat someone out”.  Since the dropping of the FEDERAL CHARGES is a pretty sweet deal, and you don’t want to rat out your supplier, it’s much easier to pick a “disposable target”.  If you don’t want to rat out who supplied you with a gun, you simply pick somebody else, who you don’t give a shit about, and leverage the fact that they have several LEGAL and LAWFUL firearms in their possession, and ignore the fact that they have nothing to do with your shit, and point the police there.  You can do this by manufacturing “EVIDENCE”.  The quickest way to do this is to state on the open, recorded telephone line in a REMAND CENTRE, the First Name and Last Name of your intended victim. You then lie that he’s a “good friend”, and throw in lots and lots of TESTIMONY on his “expertise in weapons”.  Use the term “Weapons Expert”,  just to drive the point home, and watch your charges magically disappear.  Disposable patsy gets raided by the cops and has his guns seized, and Dean,CLIFFORD gets to walk, as there are only “traffic offenses” left, and they can’t cage you for those….except the “disposable target” in question, is OUR FRIEND. He’s YOUR friend, and has ALWAYS been lurking here. Now Dean, CLIFFORD has formed hostile intent against OUR FRIEND. That is a debt I intend to enforce.

So, watch for Dean’s emergence from DETENTION in his new role as “Rat for the CROWN”.  It’s all bought and paid for! Remember, you heard it here first.  TODAY’S DATE IS MAY 5th at 3:30am (BEFORE his next hearing). Let this serve as NOTICE of these FACTS.But hey, don’t let that put you off of going to his next seminar!

This article is part of a series of articles from https://www.facebook.com/groups/tenderforlaw/

UPDATE: Province took custody of the Federal Charges. Now he’s trying to contact the russian embassy (?) and he will likely be there for another 8 months.

---
<p><a class="" href="https://web.archive.org/web/20190528032742/https://kentbarrett.com/joinder-for-idiots/" targt="_blank">[Kent Barrett]</a></p>