 {
   "id": "742247339144534",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_741344919234776",
   "from_name": "Daniel J Wentz",
   "message": "This stinks of \"The Fender\".\n\nThat's just my expert opinion. I have followed The Fender's exploits, and on the surface, you'd think Scott had trained another \"Simu-Drone\", but his exploits were LONG before meeting The Admiral.\n\nThis man's \"Legal\" knowledge DWARFS The Admiral's. I know that's hard to accept, but that just means (As the Admiral always puts it) you've got your scale wrong.\n\nScott Duncan is planting a seed here. I know this, because I know Scott Duncan. Just as I know \"Livery of the Person\" is right around the corner.\n\nSpoiler Alert: \"Livery of the Person\" is the first in a long line of quasi-hidden things it seems Scott Duncan is going to teach. The Law Society REALLY should settle their personal debts with The Admiral, because it seems he's no longer considering ANY contract with them, valid, but complies with his end anyway. It's one of his classic moves. He waits for \"The Fender\" to bring these things up, and thus can discuss it without initiating it.\n\nAlways Legal and Lawful.\n\nI'm certain that is what is happening here.\n\nI'm too busy these days to play in here. I read my own timeline (which is all Scott, all the time) to keep up with things, and this caught my attention.\n\nI wanted to go on record as saying that this stinks of \"The Fender\". That's all! Carry on!",
   "created_time": "2014-11-03T06:45:27+0000"
 }
