 {
   "id": "741351709234097",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_741344919234776",
   "from_name": "Thyra Gudmundson Cox",
   "message": "Seisin. French scisin,  to make to possess or to sit upon. The possession of land under a \nclaim, either express or implied by law, of an estate amounting at least\n to a freehold. Towle v. Ayer, 8 N.H. 59 (1835). See Seisina\n below. Originally, seisin was the completion of the feudal investiture;\n it now means ownership. A \"covenant of seisin\" and a \"covenant of right\n to convey\" are synonymous. Cook v. Hammond, 4 Mass. 488 (1827).\nDisseisee. A freeholder of land ejected by another from his possession of an estate or freehold. Disseisin.\n Ouster or deprivation of a freehold. A wrongful putting of him out of \nthat is seised of a freehold, - is in actual possession. 3 Bl. Com. 169.\n Where one man invades the possession of another, and by force or \nsurprise turns him out of the occupation of lands: being a deprivation \nof that actual seisin, or corporal freehold of the lands, which the \ntenant before enjoyed. 2 Bl. Com 195; 5 Conn. 257, 518; 58 Ill. 589; 56 Me. 268; 2 Wend. 166. Disseisor. A person who intrudes and ejects another from his possession of an estate or freehold. Livery of seisin. Pure feudal investiture or delivery of corporal possession of land or of a tenement. 2 Bl. Com 311. Seisin in deed. A possession in fact by one having or claiming a freehold interest. Seisin in law. The right of immediate possession. Constructive seisin. The equivalent of a seisin in deed. Jenkins v. Fahey, 73 N.Y. 362 (1878); Hart v. Dean, 2 MacAr. 63 (1875).\nSeisina. Latin. Actual possession of an estate of freehold; seisin, q.v.\nHabere facias seisinam.\n That you cause to obtain seisin. The emphatic words of a writ of \nexecution by which the sheriff delivered possession of a freehold to the\n demandant. 3 Bl. Com. 412; id. 359. Seisina facit stipitem. Seisin makes the stock. Actual seisin formerly made a person the root or stock from which inheritance by blood was derived. 2 Bl. Com. 209.",
   "created_time": "2014-11-01T17:48:30+0000"
 }
