 {
   "id": "501311299904807",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_501258699910067",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "message": "*judge begins to speak at his trial* \"Point of order!\" *judge goes silent* \"BARRING ANY OBJECTION FROM THE COURT, at this time I WISH to reserve ALLl rights. Is there ANY objection from the court?\n\n*Jeopardy Music*\n\nAny objections?\n\n*Clock Ticking*\n\n....Lookin' for OBJECTIONS FROM THE COURT! Going Once... (repeat second and third time)\n\nAs the court has NOT objected I have , IN FACT, reserved ALL rights. (It is a FACT that's ON RECORD, and I wish the court to SHUT ITS FUCKING PIE-HOLE!) (...be silent).\n\nQUESTION: if you have RESERVED ALL RIGHTS, and they don't understand what you are referring to, when you speak of the PUBLIC RECORD, ASK your BITCH SLAVE, WHAT THE FUCK? ...like so:\n\n\"Point of ORDER! It is MY UNDERSTANDING THAT THIS IS, IN FACT, A COURT OF THE PUBLIC RECORD. Am I MISTAKEN?\n\nAs I, myself have, IN FACT, RESERVED ALL RIGHTS (Not YOUR rights, ALL rights. The rights of everyone in the court have been surrendered to you!) I wish to convene a COURT OF THE PUBLIC RECORD (Barring ANY objections from the court).\n\nYou'll recall in other articles and comments, the levels of the caste system and how they give instructions.\n\nNOBILITY (KINGS AND QUEENS) EXPRESS THEIR \"WISHES\".\n\nADMIRALTY ISSUES INSTRUCTIONS BY REQUESTING, ADDRESSING THEIR SUBORDINATES AS \"MR\".\n\nGENERALS GIVE ORDERS.\n\n  The fact that if you have all the rights, and everybody else has none, you are CLEARLY the KING. So you are going to have to learn to give instruction by expressing your wishes. This is why they are asking how you \"wish to proceed\". Courts grant and test your SOVEREIGNTY all the time. You simply have to listen to the words they are using. At this time you may respond, \"I wish to prove to some ass-wipe who sounds like he's got a dick in his mouth, the things I know, so I wish to go to trial PRO SE. But I wouldn't recommend this...I would simply wish the case to be dismissed.\n\nIf they say anything else besides \"I agree, case dismissed\", you exercise your AUTHORITY by questioning. MASTERS QUESTION, SLAVES ANSWER. For instance if a \"justice\" said anything except \"I agree. Case dismissed,\" you question why they are even speaking. \"I'm sure you'll recall Mr. (insert justice's name here) that at the beginning of these proceedings I explicitly reserved all rights, including yours. Have I not made my wishes clear?\"\n\nAlways remember to respond in the form of a question. A question serves the dual-purpose of establishing your authority, and negating the possibility of UNDERSTANDING; because if you UNDERSTAND, you accept SURETY.\n\nAs stated before, the most powerful of these questions is, \"Who are you?\" UNDERSTANDING cannot be presumed until that question is answered.\n\nAbove all, questioning deflects SURETY.",
   "created_time": "2013-04-10T00:02:13+0000"
 }
