 {
   "id": "540697075966229",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_540314159337854",
   "from_name": "Dino Disenfranchised",
   "message": "Perhaps I am an exception although this article makes good sense. My oldest sister is a master manipulator and I grew up being exposed to betrayal, lying, deceit and a host of other tormenting tactics to get what she wanted. This caused trust issues for me and have always been skeptical to the point of questioning everything before I consider it fact, or relatively truthful.\n\nIn a way, I am better off and able to listen and judge for myself what is right or wrong, true or untrue, and as it pertains to Law, legal or illegal. I think most us here see how these three variables can exist although independently.\n\nThe way I think has been described as non-linear. From this, it is easier to weigh acts right or wrong but not just to me but to other individuals, groups or everyone. Same with informational truths. I have also learned more recently how the determinations of law are not necessarily utilizing these factors. For this, I must accredit this group for some of that enlightenment, thanks.\n\nAfter my accident, I became significantly more dependent as I am unable to process information with clarity and feel overly exposed to what I was previously attune to. This takes a considerable amount of time to weigh what most people take for granted, as I had before. I think I come up with the same answers as I used to however it takes 10 times the time.\n\nOn the internet, there is a billion untruths, disinformation and lies meant to distract, deceive and manipulate people. The future will bring censorship into the mix keeping information out of the light which will only exacerbate the problems society faces today.\n\nIt is up to us to weigh through the minutia and do the best we can. My only words of advice is to never assert anything to be 100% true, false, right or wrong because these are just illusions. Use your grey matter and you will see the world is not black and white.\n\nI love feed back, anyone?",
   "created_time": "2013-07-24T18:28:27+0000"
 }
