 {
   "id": "462493170453287_543316029037667",
   "created_time": "2013-08-01T02:01:07+0000",
   "updated_time": "2013-08-02T18:46:32+0000",
   "from_name": "Derek Hill",
   "from_id": "1.02045272709166E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "This thread is to help explain what happened while i was in jail.\n\nFriday July 26th was the court she was trying to get another restraining order. She = Ma. Justice \"informed me\" that VOIDing wouldn't work and only terminating would(contrary to another justice who didn't bother getting a new order). So once it was granted, i had a feeling something was about to go down.\n\nmet up with an old friend had a few beers, made a drunk-ish comment, but i didn't carry through was distracted with other things. When i was walking on riverside, I was suddenly stopped by a cop car, 2 minutes after another 3 patrol cars come up. They arrested me because i was alleged to breach the restraining order. They said that my \"freeman bullshit\" wont work. They were very aggressive when I was arrested and cuffed, one of the cop grabbed my neck and threw me in the back seat. Unfortunately i didn't get any other badge numbers because i was at a heightened sense alert because i seriously though i was gonna get kicked in.\n\nWas sent to the cop shop in windsor where they took my stuff. They tried to  take my earrings out, I told them no. Cop officer \"217\" Constable(i believe) informed me if i did not comply and if i give them reason to believe I'm a freeman that they would have no problem throwing me in a chamber and make my stay hell. He also threatened the taser if i didn't comply. I complied under extreme duress. The last time i was tasered my heart beat became irregular. Not enough to be a problem but not normal. Don't ask I don't know much more on that.\n\nAt this point, I did not have the opportunity to serve a notice of mistake but I knew it off by heart so i can recite it straight from memory if needed. They threw me in HC02, a cell for 1 person.\n\nMultiple times I was taken out for fingerprints(the officer told me to not say a word, and he didn't need my consent. If i didn't comply he would taser me(different cop)). There was other times where i was thrown in another room just blank, then put back into HC02. I was thrown in other guys, then pulled again back to HC02.\n\ni was held overnight until Saturday morning. I was very dehydrated. The water fountain+shitter+pisser in one wasn't functioning. The officer explained that he did not give me food/drinks because \"i believed i was above the government and laws, so i don't need government help\". He brought juice a few hours later.\n\nI had some sort of hearing to see if I would be remanded or released. I knew I wasn't going to be released. The clerk asked for my name, i said it wasn't mine to give and that there was a mistake in identifying the accused. Officer stated that they had evidence by way of a mug shot to confirm that i am such and such. The CROWN did not consent on my release because they said that their secondary grounds were that I believed that I was ABOVE THE LAW. I was pulled back into my cell. An officer came in badge#517 i want to say, told me to comply and drop my freeman bullshit. And that if i did it again that i would get whats coming to me. I told them that if any harm comes to me they would be liable. And that they have no right to tell me what i can and cannot say.\n\nI was transfered to the brock. The officers who were putting me in told the guards that I was a freeman and to show him the way we treat \"outlaws\". I was thrown into an isolation chamber. I was there for about a few hours, then I was thrown in range c left. This was Protected Custody. When I was thrown in there the guard announced that I was fresh meat and to show me how they treat new guys. Fortunately they locked me in my cell for Saturday. I couldn't get my dinner because the other inmates took everything but the toast. Which was cold. Meals were pretty much a free for all.\n\nSunday morning. I was told by my inmates that if i didn't do the \"initiation\" that they would gang beat me. I did it out of fear. Did 120 squats in a row. Well...not in a row but you take 1 step do 1 squat take another step do 2...etc, i made it to 15 and collapsed. I was incapable to walk for an hour. Guard told me to get out I couldn't move fast enough so he belly clobbed me with his stick right in my legs. I was on the ground, almost crying from pain. I was put into an isolation chamber, was given my 30 minutes to do whatever then back I went. I was moved back to range c Monday  morning. Then an hour later was brought to court.\n\nmeanwhile i had the notice of mistake prepared to file, but I could not file it without an affidavit. I informed that i must file a document into the case file. Officer \"3xx\" said no and that i would have to take it up with court. I was pulled from my cell around 11:30am to go take the phone, it was duty counsel. She asked if i wanted her help i said no. She asked what was my intention. I told her it was not her concern.\n\nAround 1:05pm Monday i was brought to court hearing. it was a video hearing. For bail. Hold on to yourselves. This is the part where the railroading really kicks in. I get in there and the CROWN was about to speak when i said i RESERVE ALL RIGHTS. The justice immediately stated that she did not want to hear my freeman arguments and therefor she will ignore me. Then a woman stands up, stated that she talked to me and speaks for me, she agrees with the CROWN to remand me until such time. I was objecting the shit out of it, but the officer beside me laughed and said i was muted. I was FUCKING PISSED OFF. First they refuse to file my documents and now they just mute me? While i was going back to the cell an officer bumped into me hit my leg, i began to limp. The officer that brought me to the video hearing asked what was wrong. I told him what happened. He just replied with \"Oh really now?\" He proceeded to take my leg muscle and put pressure onto it. It immediately shot me down to the ground. It was fucking painful.\n\nAnyways, i was returned back to brock. Was put back in range c. When the inmates saw my muscles sore, they began to punch, poke, flick, anything to cause a quick burst of pain. By Monday night I was exhausted from enduring the pain. I couldn't sleep well. Worse then normal for jail.\n\nTuesday morning. I woke up in so much pain i couldn't get off my bed. Amigo my inmate helped me down. I asked for the nurse(i had sports injuries and pulled muscles, but this pain was on another level) to go see what he can do. He replied and announced that i was a cry baby and to suck it up. I was harassed even more. the other inmates took turns punching my legs until i was in so much pain i couldn't defend myself anymore. I was shaking and crying from all the pain.\n\nI was brought to Court. When i got there. I was put on the ball and chain. Was thrown in BP03. Bull Pen #3. I couldn't sit because of the pain, i couldn't stand because of the pain. I was overwhelmed with pain that i felt that i was going to black out. When the officer came to get me for some call I told him i REQUIRED an affidavit and my notice of mistake to be filed. HE said no its not his job and talk to duty counsel. I told him right away i did not want duty counsel. \n\nHe said tough luck they wont hear you without one.\n\nI went into the booth. It was duty counsel again i declined again.\n\nWhen i was brought out an officer asked what my answer was. I said no. HE was pissed off and 3 other officers walked towards me. One of the officers was the one who arrested me and thrown me in the back of his cop car. I was thrown in a waiting room(?). They threatened me that if i didn't drop the freeman bullshit that they would kick the shit out of me. I said it was the law. It was not my problem. The officer 217 took his baton and wailed it right at my legs. I immediately screamed in pain and was on the ground shaking violently from the pain. They asked again 3 more times i said no. They hit one in the ribbed, threw me against the wall, punched my abdominal. They asked again. They said that if i didn't comply that they would taser me and beat me relentless. I grunted and complied for fear of my life.\n\nThey said to plead guilty and accept a probation or they will arrest me again and keep me there for 30 days at least. I couldn't deal with it. I was in so much pain the pain was drowning my thoughts. I pleaded guilty, knowing that if i did not that i would be beaten and my life to be in serious jeopardy. 3-4 officers(cant remember) escorted me to the office where i would sign the probation sheet. One of the officers told me to sign it normally no rights reserved bullshit. \n\nUnder threat of my life i did.\n\nAfter i was released i immediately called 911, went to the hospital. took me about 90 minutes to get a bed and see a doctor. I could not move my legs often and when i could it was painful. John something gave me pain relief meds and an anti-inflammatory cream. It relieved a lot of pain but it was just bearable. I had bruises in some spots, asked him to take pictures for evidence, he said its not needed. I said i needed it for documentation. HE said he couldn't. I would have taken pictures but for some reason they didn't bring my stuff to the court house. I could not go to the jail house in my current condition. Was just not happening. I took a piss and blood sample. Blood sample came back said my liver was out of whack. The doc said that the levels of something(not a doc cant remember these damn 10 syllable words) and that its normally a result of doing hard drugs. I told him i only do weed and drink the occasional beer and hard liquor. He said that he would send it for further analysis. My piss was pitch black. You couldn't see through it. It didn't look like blood, but the doc said that it is most likely from my liver. He said that it would take around 48 hours to process it.\n\nHE also gave me an appointment at the hospital to go see a neurologist Friday at 11am. HE said someone just canceled so asked if i wanted it. I took it right away, getting an appointment like that that fast was a opportunity i could not pass up on it.\n\nI was released and walked about a block until a good Samaritan gave me a ride. It took me 2 minutes just to get in her car. But i thank her greatly for her kindness.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
