 {
   "id": "914069958628937",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_913756938660239",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "You are now looking at things many of us have built, and your oppressors are too ignorant to even grasp, muchless react to.\n\nWhat's coming is where you will prosper. Be there first. You may choose to just sit back and watch like everyone else, but you are learning how things are GOING to work, years  ahead of everyone else. This isn't really a bold claim, as you have watched it happen before. (Totally my schtick)\n\n...and while you are waiting, ponder the irony of a Privateer Admiral, flying a Royal Battle Standard, being the only white guy who ever told you the truth...\n\n...and at no cost. EVER. In fact, those who listened, actually profited. A few got comically rich. I made them promise NEVER to give me ANY of their profit. I just wanted them to perform a small task in the future. In exchange, they keep their money and their future. That's the deal I make with those seeking riches. Strangely, those are the only ones who ever kept their promises. :/\n\nGreed is a great motivator, but it is always toxic. In my case, they are FORCED to contribute to those who can truly change things. All of them are stunned at just how little I take from them when asked. Two of them even contact me monthly to ask if there is another undertaking to \"pay off their debt\". Strange that they labour for a debt that cannot be repaid, but they do. They're beginning to suspect that I may have been right when I said \"you think wrong and value the wrong things\". These two didn't want any association with me in the public eye, and I agreed... and it stays that way. They asked. I granted. I stick to their contract; my terms are clear. \n\n...and they are the first to see that WE are changing everything, using math. I like to think that I make you see MORE than you did before. Many of you don't like it. It's universal. From Piece-of-Shit Christians, to \"rich\" people, to Government workers asking the wrong questions... I frighten them by showing them HOW to think, now WHAT to think.",
   "created_time": "2015-12-12T21:06:39+0000"
 }
