 {
   "id": "687771151258820",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_687645941271341",
   "from_name": "Daniel J Wentz",
   "message": "Since I'm one of the few of us not banned and I mentioned people here, and the Admiral gets really surly when people play \"he said/she said\" game, I paste a verbatim copy here.\n\nMackximus Minimus, that may be a bit too much reality for these \"free\" folk. I suspect you'll either be banned, or Menard will start firing off convoluted bullshit from the 1200's, the bible, and possibly from \"the book of life\" that he borrowed from \"Jesus\", who is totally real, and who has a totally not-gay personal relationship with him. Honest.\n\nI've spent 35 years trying to find where Scott Duncan is wrong. It's a waste of time trying. He taught me how to live without Joinder 20 years ago. I've watched him create 8 millionaires, JUST so he could have some obscure piece of technology produced. I've lost count of the times I've said \"oh there's no way he could have planned for that\" only to have my own experience refute that. It's terrifying if you don't get how he does it.\n\nDon't get me started on women! He has, what appears to be, a power over them. It's like he knows everything about who they are the second he makes eye contact. You have to see it to really appreciate it. I do, and I make sure my daughters are at least 2000 miles away from him.\n\nHe taught me about women too. Women, it seems will pay any price for the luxury of someone who truly understands them. Even their own self actualization. He turns them into dreadful weapons.\n\nRobert Menard knows little of the accounting scale Scott works in. Scott's currency is so large, it wouldn't fit in the pathetically small space that \"money\" occupies. They all swear it's of their \"own free will\" and will always declare it.  The only women of Scott's that I've ever witnessed crying, are the ones he cast off, because they didn't make the grade. The rest won't shut up about how alive they feel and how much happier they are. I guess I have to believe them. I look in their eyes, and I see joy, but I can't help noticing \"consumed\" there somewhere.\n\nTara Duncan appears to be the exception. I'm told that SHE chose HIM, and he surrendered instantly. It's a thought and concept I still can't get my head around. He had that very same \"consumed\"/\"joyful\" look I saw in each and every one of his women. It seems to have changed him in no noticeable way, but I wonder if the hunter became prey? I don't know Tara. I only met her once, and that was back when Scott was a Captain, and was working for another Captain, and we were all drinking in a closed bar called \"Devil's Advocate\" (Irony). She made a colleague pay with his dignity, for a condescending presumption. That's all I remember of her. That was in the 1990's. They seem to be a truly united front.\n\nExperience has taught me that if Scott will fulfill his agenda, no matter who suffers. God help Menard, if Scott has formed hostile intent against him. \n\n(Yes, I said \"God\". It's a Jew Thing! Don't make me pull out the \"anti-Semite\" card!)",
   "created_time": "2014-06-30T07:43:08+0000"
 }
