 {
   "id": "688005864568682",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_687645941271341",
   "from_name": "David-Paul Sip",
   "message": "I appreciated reading your comment Daniel J Wentz.  I learned of the Admiral through jailbird Clifford's facebook page. I could instantly recognize the TRUTH in his words...words spoken with a confidence that I did not judge as arrogance. \n\nI know arrogance. Arrogance comes from a BELIEF that you are better than you are or know more than you do. It is also very fragile with a razor thin veneer. It is only a matter of time before those who possess it will trip themselves up with their own deceipt. \n\nI was struck by the Admiral's comments because they were DIRECT and stood in stark contrast to anything else I had read from any FREEDUMBer. He seems to be a Man's MAN....a best kept secret! \n\nI wish I had known of him and this group in January 2013 when I began to \"test\" the information I was learning from these Freedumbers in an effort to confirm the TRUTH. I have not had the pleasure to meet this Scott Duncan but he if he is anything he is a rare breed and VERY intriguing. \n\nA mentor/teacher/leader/ADMIRAL cares not about whether he is liked. He has no time for such superficial niceties. True teachers/mentors are not your fucking friend. You either embrace what is being gifted to you or you do not. Your fucking choice! \n\nIf you decided to come aboard then \"first you-a do-a things a ma way....and then you'a do-a things a your way\" (hard to immitate Italian with words). This was something my mentor learned from his mentor and shared with me. It has stuck with me. \n\nMuch is at stake Admiral and I salute you!",
   "created_time": "2014-06-30T19:01:06+0000"
 }
