 {
   "id": "676700699032532",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_676678509034751",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "I tried to save Dean Clifford from himself. I really did.\n\nKarl Lentz - Fraud.\nNational Liberty Alliance - disorganized yokels\nOPPT - Fraud.\n\nTHE TENDER FOR LAW - NOTHING BUT TRUTH.\n\nYou're all caught up.\n\nIf you are an adult with an imaginary friend, you have no place here. Jesus and REALITY don't mix. If you are a Christian (Or ANY kind of theist, for that matter), then you mean us harm and you are NOT welcome here.\n\nI'm not seeking \"followers\" so the standard infiltration methods don't work here.\n\nI don't care if you think I'm \"arrogant\" or \"closed minded\" and I simply don't abide people's ill-informed opinion. If you were qualified to HAVE an opinion, you wouldn't be joining the group. I have no desire to be \"fair\" or listen to \"alternate views\". Such views, by their very nature, ARE WRONG. My time is too valuable to accommodate such things when the return on that investment in time is guaranteed to be zero.\n\nThe following is the TENDER FOR LAW BILL OF RIGHTS\n\n1: You have none.\n2: You have the rights I CHOOSE to give you.\n3 You have the right to leave because nobody is holding a gun to your empty little head, forcing you to read this.\n\nI hope this answers any questions you may have about the group.\n\nYou are advised to READ. The WHOLE group. ALL of it, especially the comments. Pete Daoust is my best \"student\" here. He's one of the few people who actually understands the VERY simple things I teach. If you are an adult with an imaginary friend, you will find this group very hard to understand.\n\n...go.\n\nREAD.",
   "created_time": "2014-06-05T05:28:55+0000"
 }
