 {
   "id": "742923429076925",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_740289212673680",
   "from_name": "Maximus Legis",
   "message": "Look at all this shite you wrote to show how clever you are in that you understand ALL BELIEF IS EVIL, I feel sorry for you that you feel the need to spin simple concepts to look good . here it is it's fucking hilarious\n\n \"So I was engaged in a conversation (I do this from time to time to test my understanding) with a woman on a friend's thread about this article where folks condoned the violent response this actor received because \"words cause emotional injury\". My response to this woman gave me such a profound understanding of what Scott Duncan means when he says \"All belief is evil\". I had struggled to fully grasp and comprehend this until now.\nThis woman commented \"I hope we are not teaching anyone that just because you can't prove or show immediate effect of emotional injury that makes it okay\" to which I responded\"\n\"Kate I am only pointing to the FACTS here. A fact is not an opinion. An opinion does not require any facts to support it nor need to be proven or verifiable. Whether something is \"okay\" is an opinion and misses the point. I try sticking to the facts because the facts are all that matter. It is the only thing that is real. If it can't be proven it is not a fact. If it isn't a fact then it is not real and therefore no wrong has occured.\"\nAnd then the big A-Ha! occured after I wrote\n\"This is critical thinking and logic. If someone claims there is an \"emotional injury\" then the burden of proof rests with them to show there is an actual injury; that an ACTUAL wrong has occured. Otherwise it is just conjecture, an opinion and utter nonsense based entirely on belief (which is the end of thought) and emotion. This ultimately only diverts attention away from the facts. The man that threw the punch was not injured/harmed by the actor's words (fact) because the words were not directed at him (fact), but the actor was injured (fact - see bloodied face) by this man's fist because the man who threw the punch was offended by and believed (opinion) this actor's words (or the actor's opinion) were harmful (another opinion) and therefore justified (in his opinion) harming the actor who had caused him no harm. See how that works?\"\nI realized that everything based on opinion (or belief) was NOT real and resulted in VIOLENCE. No opinion/belief, no violence...this is seriously profound.\"",
   "created_time": "2014-11-04T20:04:05+0000"
 }
