 {
   "id": "532288353473768",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_531728606863076",
   "from_name": "Carl Dunne",
   "message": "I decided to have a little look at Trent after this thread as i'd only heard of him up until this thread but never bothered checking him out so i thought it only fair to see what he has to say. As a rule i decided when i started all this to take internet gurus with a pinch of salt and learn law from law books which seems a foreign concept to some people. When i joined the Tender i didn't know what i was joining or who Scott was and thought it was just another discussion forum and at first didn't see the value here until the reality sunk in that i have a lot to learn and stayed in shut the fuck up mode as i read up on the various topics. There is a major difference i now know between Scott and any of these freemen gurus, when you accept Trent or any of them tbh  you are only learning what you will learn yourself should you open a book or two because that's where they learned all this it's not hidden in a special place only Trent knows about so why would you pay him to do the work for you or do you think he is more intelligent than you. I know he is not smarter than me simply better read and further along the path this thread clearly proves me right on that. What Scott teaches is whats hidden between the lines from a perspective none of the others  could possibly have and in a more precise and logical way and asks for nothing but your time which you were going to waste looking for the magic words anyways. The fact the rest make you pay and are less accesable than Scott should be a dead giveaway that there is a MAJOR difference to what is going on here than anywhere else. I like Dean Clifford i listened to allot of his stuff at the beginning and think he is brilliant but at the end of the day when shit hit the fan for him where did he come ?. These freetard gurus are nothing more than what you all had the potential to be if you took your heads out of your asses and do your own work. If you're going to pay for their books why not take the novel approach of buying the book they read and forming your own judgement's and stop being lazy. Apparently there will be a nice piece to put Scott Duncan in his place on Trents site tommorow perhaps we should have an educational discussion of his book all over the web at the same time just for the fun of it. Lastly if you're listening to freetard shit pick one or the other because all you are doing is mixing methods and are going to cause yourself more hassle in the long run through your own self inflicted confusion.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-03T01:21:40+0000"
 }
