 {
   "id": "532177423484861",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_531728606863076",
   "from_name": "James Trent Goodbaudy",
   "message": "You use your OWN currency? So, to do business with you, you are paid in your currency, which you say you \"sell\" at a very reasonable rate? How would someone like me obtain your currency? You would sell it to me at a reasonable rate? For what? Money? Have you heard of these maxims Scott? \n\n\"Let every one employ himself in what he knows.\"\n\"He at whose risk a thing is done, should receive the profits arising from it.\"\n\nAnd finally on 'value': Value in the most basic sense can be referred to as \"Real Value\" or \"Actual Value.\" This is the measure of worth that is based purely on the utility derived from the consumption of a product or service. Utility derived value allows products or services to be measured on outcome instead of demand or supply theories that have the inherent ability to be manipulated. Illustration: The real value of a book sold to a student who pays $50.00 at the cash register for the text and who earns no additional income from reading the book is essentially zero. However; the real value of the same text purchased in a thrift shop at a price of $0.25 and provides the reader with an insight that allows him or her to earn $100,000.00 in additional income is $100,000.00 or the extended lifetime value earned by the consumer. This is value calculated by actual measurements of ROI instead of production input and or demand vs. supply. No single unit has a fixed value. Value is intrinsically related to the worth derived by the consumer. [Burke(2005)].",
   "created_time": "2013-07-02T17:50:12+0000"
 }
