 {
   "id": "500714456631158",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_500657969970140",
   "from_name": "Cheryl Watson",
   "message": "Scott Duncan PROVINCE = ADMINISTRATIVE ZONE\nEMPLOYEE = PUBLIC SERVANT            what I leaned about Child protection laws is that it is a cover story.  Gov. assumes you are their servant because you registered your childs birth with them,  whatever the whole trust thing is,  accounts...never made aware of this FACT as it was cleverly concealed in plain sight but just wrapped in assorted legal jargon  that should not have been used together just so you could probably never get all the wrapping off, at least until it is too late. .  The big break for me to understand how the deception was put together and held together was the example of NS barristers Society. because they are classified as a profession, they need to be regulated.    they have laws that apply to lawyers .  and they have regulations that tell them how to do that job. they have to be registered.    and the NS gov. is the boss with quasi-judical powers to investigate you in the performance of your job,  and may apply any discipline,  like the loss of a job/legal responsibility, they want to if their employees mess up.....To me that is what the CFSact really is, Regulatory legislation to the \"parent as  authority profession\" otherwise how could one provincial legislation with limited authority cover so many jurisdictions and purposes.  administration can legislate civil matters. civil matters are rights.   when a citizen feels they have had their rights violated, they can file a law suit for equitable compensation.  if a childs rights are violated, they cannot file a civil action cause they are a child. the parent would have to initiate.  if the parent was the violater the court can appoint a guardian ad Litem, which is some one who litigates for a child or incompetent person.   the gov. needs custody of the child  to control the accounts.   and in my mind, I don't care what legislation says, they have no  legal right to just take custody/ possession of the child.  way, way back when,   looking out for the childs best interests, was only the childs property rights, not the child is the property,  bleeding hearts have been slipping this crap in little by little for years.  but gov, needs custody to have control,   so because all parents or guardians registered a childs birth with the gov.  that means you are now part of that administrative body and subject to its authority. Because only a childs parent has authority over a child, the job/responsibility to raise the child to be a productive citizen in society is a great responsibility the Gov. can decide that it needs to have a title.  The Parent Guardian Authority...so you are a gov. employee with the professional responsibility of raising citizens/ managing accounts to be profitable and if you are messing up the Gov has every right to step in and take your place.     Have I lost my mind.  I think I may have....so much work for my little brain to be able to see the truth (there I go again with the conspiracies)  HOW THE HELL DO I GET OUT OF THAT RACKET?  how do I help parents get their kids back.  while the government only sees accounts, their real live human child is sitting in a group home somewhere getting the shit beat out of him on a weekly basis.   Gov. has no liability or responsibility to the person, I see that now, only to the account that was created by the registration of the childs birth.  lol does this qualify as stupid ?",
   "created_time": "2013-04-08T00:39:02+0000"
 }
