 {
   "id": "653236728045596",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_649105778458691",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "Miki Verse, welcome to the group! This is the ONLY place on the planet that you will get the TRUTH, and where bullshit, and/or ignorance NEVER passes as KNOWLEDGE. Isn't that great? That means then, it most be a VERY hostile environment for BULLSHIT, because if not, this group would be like the other 165 groups you are subscribed to.\n\nYes, this group is BETTER than ANY other fucking group in Facebook! That is a FACT! :D  We check-out \"emotions\" before we log into the group, for \"emotions\" are in the opposite direction of logic, and reason.\n\nAs you can CLEARLY see, there is PROOF (it's not FREE-DUMBERS \"theories\" i. e. Santos Bonacci, etc) that what has been taught here by Admiral Scott is REAL, and that it *works... *IF you UNDERSTAND why is that the Notice of Mistake works. If not, you might as well expect doing some time. Most of the times, you will have to stand on this Notice in court. There is no automatic \"magic fix\".\n\nFun FACT: the #1 rule is that Admiral Scott is ALWAYS right! And he is BETTER than you, and ME, and the rest of the members of the group. And you can not draft a better Notice than the Admiral's, nor anyone else here. Can you swallow that pill, without getting all butt-hurt? We will see.\n\nSo, the Notice does not have \"... SOME solid ingredients in places\". The notice is fucking AWESOME all around. How do I know that? The guy that posted this thread is fucking FREE! Have any of your notices gotten you and/or someone out of jail, and do you have PROOF of it? I didn't think so.  You see how that works? That is REALITY. :D\n\n<<... i shall go and think about this a bit to see what consequents out of that.>> What is it that you have to think about? :/  Don't you see PROOF that the CONSEQUENCE of knowing, understanding, and using the Notice of Mistake is that you get out of fucking jail? \n\nSo what I would encourage you to do, is to go and \"think about\" what I just wrote here, and what is the purpose of my warm welcome.\n\nAgain, welcome to REALITY! :D",
   "created_time": "2014-04-14T04:28:46+0000"
 }
