 {
   "id": "682610748441527",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_682279411807994",
   "from_name": "LaNi Black",
   "message": "\"If you keep bringing it up, it will always exist.\" You desperately want that to be true. :/\n \nSigh. Here in REALITY.....\n\n'I' don't keep bringing it up. As a matter of fact, my comments about it are ALWAYS IN RESPONSE to another highlighting it.\n\nThese little presuppositions you toss around, discrediting the actual brutality and suffering of people who were treated as, and considered, less than human, by people who coincidentally had children that they taught to do the same (and, then those children had children...and, so on....), then defending it with a very narrow view that is your perception of excuse making black people (which, quite un-ironically, is that same teaching presenting itself in our CURRENT day), is an EXCUSE to ignore the actual systematic discrimination that affects our every day. You will NEVER understand that, nor am I interested in debating it with you. I will never know this life with white skin, nor will I know assumed competence and/or privilege before demonstrating merit. It simply won't happen, only because of my skin color. It is irrelevant to what we are doing here, and it has nothing to do with TTFL. \n\nI am wholly disinterested in what you think is wrong with that. What you think is just an excuse, and not a real thing, is absolutely, without prejudice, unimportant to me.",
   "created_time": "2014-06-18T09:59:04+0000"
 }
