 {
   "id": "695915493777719",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_695837113785557",
   "from_name": "Ceit Butler",
   "message": "Why is Dean filing MOTIONS? Let's take a minute and play connect-the-dots:\n\n\"What is MOTION?\nIn practice, an occasional APPLICATION to a court by the parties or their counsel, in order to obtain some rule or order, which becomes necessary either in the progress of a cause, or summarily and wholly unconnected with plenary proceedings.\n-Law Dictionary: What is MOTION? definition of MOTION (Black's Law Dictionary)\"\n\n\"What is APPLICATION?\nA putting to, placing before, preferring a request or petition to or before a person. The act of making a request for something.\n-Law Dictionary: What is APPLICATION? definition of APPLICATION (Black's Law Dictionary)\"\n\n\"What is APPLICANT?\nThis term applies to a PERSON who files a PETITION or makes an application; the petitioner; or the PERSON who is applying for a legal remedy to a problem.\n-Law Dictionary: What is APPLICANT? definition of APPLICANT (Black's Law Dictionary)\"\n\n\"What is PETITION?\nA written address, embodying an APPLICATION or prayer from the PERSON or PERSONS preferring it, to the power, body, or person to whom it is presented, for the exercise of his or their authority in the redress of some wrong, or the grant of some favour, privilege, or license. In practice. An application made to a court ex parte, or where there are no parties\n-Law Dictionary: What is PETITION? definition of PETITION (Black's Law Dictionary)\"\n\n\"What is PERSON?\nA man considered according to the RANK he holds in SOCIETY, with all the rights to which the place he holds entitles him, and the duties which it imposes.\n-Law Dictionary: What is PERSON? definition of PERSON (Black's Law Dictionary)\"\n\n\"What is RANK?\nThe order or place in which certain officers are placed in the army and navy, In relation to others. \n 2. It is a maxim, that officers of, an inferior rank are bound to obey all the lawful commands of their superiors, and are justified for such obedience.\n-Law Dictionary: What is RANK, n? definition of RANK, n (Black's Law Dictionary)\"\n\n\"What is OFFICER?\nThe INCUMBENT of an office; one who is lawfully invested with an office. One who is charged by a superior power (and particularly by government) with the power and duty of exercising certain functions.\n-Law Dictionary: What is OFFICER? definition of OFFICER (Black's Law Dictionary)\"\n\n\"What is INCUMBENT?\nA person who is in present possession of an office; one who is legally authorized to discharge the duties of an office. State v. McCollister, 11 Ohio, 50; Statev. Blakemore, 104 Mo. 340, 15 S. W. 900\n-Law Dictionary: What is INCUMBENT? definition of INCUMBENT (Black's Law Dictionary)\"\n\n\"What is SOCIETY?\nAn ASSOCIATION or company of PERSONS (generally not Incorporated) united together for any mutual or common purpose.\n-Law Dictionary: What is SOCIETY? definition of SOCIETY (Black's Law Dictionary)\"\n\n\"What is ASSOCIATION?\nThe act of a number of PERSONS who unite or join together for some special purpose or business. The union of a COMPANY of persons for the transaction of designated affairs, or the attainment of some common object. An unincorporated society; a body of persons united and acting together without a charter, but upon the methods and forms used by incorporated bodies for the prosecution of some common enterprise\n-Law Dictionary: What is ASSOCIATION? definition of ASSOCIATION (Black's Law Dictionary)\"\n\n\"What is COMPANY?\nAn organization of INDIVIDUALS conducting a commercial or industrial enterprise. A corporation, partnership, association, or joint stock company.\n-West's Encyclopedia of American Law, edition 2. Copyright 2008 The Gale Group, Inc. All rights reserved.\nCompany n. any formal business entity for profit which may be a corporation, a partnership, association or individual proprietorship. Often people think the term \"company\" means the business is incorporated, but that is not true. In fact, a corporation usually must use some term in its name such as \"corporation,\" \"incorporated,\" \"corp.\" or \"inc.\" to show it is a corporation.\"\n\nAnd INDIVIDUAL, Scott has already covered in recent articles. Reading all of that, MOTIONS sound like a really BAD idea. :p",
   "created_time": "2014-07-19T16:37:11+0000"
 }
