 {
   "id": "604488429587093",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_494830160552921",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "You people are ALL TALK until the things you care about are at risk.\n\nWell the things I care about were at risk, and they are gone. Tara Duncan is all that's left, and it's just a matter of time before they come for her.\n\nBLOOD is your remedy now people. Even now, what I say isn't real to you. You still think \"Justices\" and cops have magic powers, and that pleading to your rapist IS AN ANSWER.\n\nHere is what YOU do to help them along. You parrot the same old lines, and you think they are valid.\n\nI don't want to risk my FAMILY.\nI don't want to risk my JOB.\nI don't want to risk my HOME.\n\nWell you \"protected\" these things, by letting me lose MINE.\n\nThey killed my daughter.\nThey took my home.\n\nI don't NEED a job because I FUCKING KNOW WHAT MONEY IS!\n\nWhere was the masses then? Imagine YOUR child killed, and being told \"what are you gonna do about it\"?\n\nWell, since 2007, I HAVE been doing something about it. I did not go killing cops and lawyers, because it's UNLAWFUL TO DO SO, and I'd just be another example of why \"you need their protection\".\n\nWould you do that?\n\nAll of these excuses you make are going to hit home. Your empty heads cannot even grasp all the things I've done to slow things down. You will never know the things I've done to protect your homes, and children from. THEY don't even know, and when they do, it will be too late. They will remove all pretense.\n\nThis past year has shown me that you all WANT them to win. Oh you will feel bad about it, but you won't do anything. You have your children to think about.\n\nWELL GO LOOK INTO THE EYES OF YOUR CHILD NOW, BECAUSE I DON'T GET TO DO THAT WITH MINE.\n\nMy little girl grew up to be an extraordinary woman. She was as aware as I was, and WAY smarter than me. SHE told me they were going to kill her. She was right. The RCMP got a piece of shit Muslim and \"made a deal\" so they could be released. All he had to do was follow his \"holy\" book and kill an evil lesbian, and all will be forgotten.\n\nThe Piece of shit that made this deal was KILLED BY ME. A Guitar String. That's all it took. He died lying in a Men's washroom in a pool of his own shit, and the last words he heard were \"For my little girl\". If you aren't a parent, you won't truly get it, but in your eyes they will always be children.\n\nAll I did was tell the truth. Truth costs.\n\nTHAT is what I've done. That's the price I'VE paid. I wait. I bide my time. If I reacted and went on a rampage, I'd just be a \"terrorist\" that you'd need \"Protection\" from.\n\nThat is just ONE of the things I've done to protect ALL of you and slow the pace. It has cost me a lot. TOO much. More than you will EVER do. I regret not killing a bunch of them. I'd know WHO to take out too! You don't. Most of you think Stephen Harper is the cause.\n\nVengeance does not \"leave you empty\" of \"filled with regret\". That's a lie you were told. I wish I could have tortured that guy for days. That's my only regret. I wanted to kill his kids too, it felt so good.\n\nOther bullshit platitudes include, \"That won't bring her back\"; No it won't, but it allows you to MOVE FORWARD.\n\nI'm telling you this, because it WILL happen to you eventually.  All of you fully intend to let the Nobility win, so it WILL happen. I was the last thing standing in their way.\n\nNow I'm not.\n\nIn the coming weeks you will believe I'm a terrorist, or \"crazy\", because despite the protests to the contrary, you STILL believe what you see on TV; You STILL believe that the \"Justices\" are \"honourable\", and you still believe cops and lawyers have magic powers.\n\nIf you are a cop, reading this and think you have \"solved a murder\", or something: I'm just \"crazy\". You'll say that anyway, so I'm going to own it.\n\nI'm just a MENTALLY ILL \"COMPUTER OPERATOR\". Bat-shit insane, and CLEARLY NOT criminally responsible for my actions.\n\n:D",
   "created_time": "2013-12-26T22:59:03+0000"
 }
