 {
   "id": "668518873184048",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_665488740153728",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "When you are being questioned/detained, you are being arrested. And to ME, ANY/ALL interaction with these people it's an arrest and/or tragedy waiting to happen.\n\nNot answering questions, like giving a name, it's because I know am NOT a fucking slave, FUCK OFF! Also, commerce is for PERSONS. \n\nEven in their own \"laws\" it says: ANYTHING YOU say WILL be used against YOU. YOU have the right to remain silent (In the US, now you have to invoke this \"right\", to be \"protected\"), and YOU cannot be forced to act as a witness against YOURSELF! :D I'll repeat that last one: YOU cannot be forced to act as a witness against YOURSELF! \n\nEven in their own clubhouse rules it says YOU cannot be forced to act as a witness against YOURSELF. So, by giving ANY information, like a NAME, DATE OF BIRTH, and/or an ADDRESS, I am acting as a witness against MYSELF! Duh! But if you look it thru the filter of SLAVERY, that's were the REAL reasons for not answering to a stranger's questions lay, for me.\n\nI cheer for Will. But why do I feel that I would had not answered all those questions from a complete stranger, with a gun in his waist? Why do I see something completely fucked-up when people start answering questions to complete strangers with guns? Is that part of the programming, so I will end-up beat up by some possibly overweight low IQ sack of shit? Is it some programed death wish? \n\nOr, is that the voice of the Man that says \"ENOUGH with this slavery shit on ME!\"? Is it the Man saying \"FUCK YOU, you are not doing this to ME any more, I am fighting back!\"?  I just think it's DELUSIONAL to talk to complete strangers that I KNOW are trying to hurt me. But they kill people for not wanting to answer to questions, and that is also part of reality.\n\nAm I thinking wrong? :/\n\nPlease Scott, and/or Pete, share your thoughts, if you wish.\n\nPS: \"You may address me as Sir, or Administrator\" sounds good to me, when acting as Administrator.",
   "created_time": "2014-05-17T10:16:02+0000"
 }
