 {
   "id": "669412886427980",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_665488740153728",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "We have the same problems in Spanish civil law, it's a mess for translation.  Many words are VERY different in Spanish, than in English, and the meaning is not the same. \n\nFor example, in Spanish the word SEGURIDAD is used for SURETY. But, SEGURIDAD literally translates to SECURITY. Although they come from the same root word, SEGURO (Insurance), they are NOT the same, and we know there are no synonyms in law. It leaves space for misinterpretation. (Damn you, lawyers!)\n\n<<Security\n\nProtection; assurance; indemnification.\n\nThe term security is usually applied to a deposit, lien, or mortgage voluntarily given by a debtor to a creditor to guarantee payment of a debt. Security furnishes the creditor with a resource to be sold or possessed in case of the debtor's failure to meet his or her financial obligation. In addition, a person who becomes a surety for another is sometimes referred to as a \"security.\" >>\n\n<<Surety\n\nAn individual who undertakes an obligation to pay a sum of money or to perform some duty or promise for another in the event that person fails to act.\n\nsurety n. a guarantor of payment or performance if another fails to pay or perform, such as a bonding company which posts a bond for a guardian, an administrator, or a building contractor. Most surety agreements require that a person looking to the surety (asking for payment) must first attempt to collect or obtain performance from the responsible person or entity. (See: guarantor, bond)>>\n\nIf you read, they are VERY similar, but NOT the same word, and/or definition.\n\nSo, I have resorted to only use English for all my communications, for we have both English, and Spanish as official languages for government affairs.\n\nIt is a challenge, because I know there is no space for error in LEGAL world, when using words. And being English a \"second language\" for me, I have to be extra careful. Like Pete says, one or two days writing a page, then days revising it. Yet, it is fun, and I love to learn.",
   "created_time": "2014-05-19T09:22:22+0000"
 }
