 {
   "id": "462493170453287_756661624369772",
   "created_time": "2014-12-07T07:52:44+0000",
   "updated_time": "2014-12-07T22:38:39+0000",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "from_id": "927379467328526",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'} {u'name': u'Carol Elizabeth Catalano', u'id': u'10203815636365645'}]",
   "message": "Ladies and Gentlemen,\n\nWe have a special treat tonight.  Whilst dealing with the daily crises, both local and abroad, and innocently managing my little empire (that's right, I'm innocently trying to collapse the banking system and start a war), I received a private message from one of our regular members.  This is a man who survived two purges...so I tend not to ignore such messages when I receive them.\n\nThe member in question, having survived the aforementioned purges, may benefit from several presumptions, prime amongst them is that he is not an idiot.  You can presume this as \"idiots\" tend not to survive purges.  \n\nThis is a man who has accepted, or is well on his way to accepting \"actual reality\".  This means he has learned the Number 1 Rule of the Universe: Scott is ALWAYS right.  This is not arrogance, or hubris, it is simply a fact.  Against all odds it's proven time and time again.  You don't need to figure out IF I'm right; you simply need to figure out WHY I'm right.  I don't possess any mental powers that you don't, so there's obviously some \"secret\" that allows me to be right...\n\n...I mention this because we have, as a result of the aforementioned communication, acquired a new member.  \n\nFor your consideration I present to you, Carol Elizabeth Catalano .  I am making this post of course to welcome her to the group.  That never goes well.  Veterans of THE TENDER FOR LAW know that sometimes it's good to get the ADMIRAL's attention long after you've joined; but it is never good to get the ADMIRAL's attention the second you have joined.\n\nThis only means one thing.  \n\nOur little island of actual reality is about to be attacked with an incoming orbital strike of exploding bullshit.  But don't worry folks.  I didn't get to be ADMIRAL by abiding bullshit, and my CAPTAINS would really appreciate it if I kept my job.  I've got this one covered.\n\n...let's see.  How shall I handle this one?\n\nShould I carve her LEGAL bullshit up on the autopsy table?  Or should I just come right out and call her a fucking liar, right after I give away the ending?  Giving away the ending (for newcomers) is totally my schtick.  If you think \"spoilers\" are a bad thing, do a search in this group and see if you can find why I think this is stupid.  That will give you something to do besides lying to people.  \n\nCarol Elizabeth Catalano has conjured into existence a fabricated \"elite birth\", and our longstanding member passed me documentary evidence that allegedly supported this position.  He did this with the intent of authenticating this document with an expert.  I informed him he made a wise decision and wished him luck in finding an expert.  I then went, \"Oh wait...that's me!\" and then additionally informed him that he does not need my expertise to determine this document is fake as hospitals do not, can not, and will never have the AUTHORITY to CERTIFY ANYTHING!  Hospitals are not LAW offices.  Hospitals are not GOVERNMENT.  The LAW SOCIETY and the GOVERNMENT (or HER MAJESTY and an ORGANIZATION) are the ONLY LEGAL entities with AUTHORITY to CERTIFY anything.  Hospitals give NOTICE of the event.  The REGISTRAR GENERAL RECORDS and CERTIFIES an event.  That event is a RECORD and CERTIFICATION that a CROWN ORGANIZATION was ORGANIZED on that date.  \n\nAnyone telling you otherwise is lying to you.  Anyone claiming a hospital CERTIFIES anything, is lying to you. \n\nTherefore, Maximus Legis, Carol Elizabeth Catalano is lying to you.  This of course gives her the dubious distinction of being the very first member of THE TENDER FOR LAW that has lied without typing a God-damned thing!  What kind of a parasite mentality does it take to accomplish an amazing feat like that?  \n\n...no really, that was a serious question. :/",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
