 {
   "id": "559282674107669",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_548198191882784",
   "from_name": "Mick Parker",
   "message": "In the next chapter in the book i'd like to entitle \"The great Fall of the Oligarch in Ireland\" the court clerk believes ignoring the facts & fobbing me off in confusion should do the trick, i've prepared this.... in the absense of the admiral to shout COMPREHENSION into me i leave my self in the hands of your \"constructive\"? criticisms :p... cheers, ill scan the actual letter in a bit, but basically \"forgive him his typo, heres your documents back, no legal effect yada yada....\"\n\n Authorised Administrator for MICHAEL PARKER\n\n\t\t\tAuthorised Administrator for MICHAEL PARKER\n\n\t\t\t\t\tNOTICE\n\nTO; OFFICE OF CHIEF CLERK,DISTRICT COURT\n\nTOM WARD\n\nI received a correspondence from you apologising for your error. I cannot forgive you while YOU continue apparently oblivious to the evidential aspect of law and the unalienable  right to consent.\nA mistake of fact occurs when a person believes that a condition or event exists when it does not.\n\nYOU have FAILED AND/OR REFUSED to discharge under my terms.\n\nI have also received unsolicited claims from Tazbell T/A FCS as a result of your error which you will immediately correct or both you & they will bear liability . Threats of enforcement of default on a claim you cannot substantiate does not alter anything except your level of liability.\n\nThe District Court is a court of limited jurisdiction. Summary hearings are administration of Bills of Exchange. Your comprehension of how the documents sent to YOU will effect later actions in greater jurisdiction is irrelevant. \n\nIts very simple TOM WARD, The District Court had its scheduled opportunity to substantiate its standing in my affairs. An individual in the court took it upon himself to deal with the matter contrary to my instruction & his offices ability,HE accepted surety under full commercial liability, Then HE refused to identify himself. I want that PERSONS name and relevant information. \n\nYOU have no lawful reason or ability to WITHOLD AND/OR REFUSE to provide that information upon demand. \nI have already shown my intent to make my facts relevant. YOU have referred to them by name in both your refusals. There will be no need for legal advice, the whole law society can not change the EVIDENTIAL facts in this matter.\n\nYOU have Seven days to indicate that you realise YOUR mistake and are willing to take the corrective action or I will be forced to take action against YOU AND/OR THE DISTRICT COURT.ND/OR THE DISTRICT COURT.",
   "created_time": "2013-09-12T16:37:01+0000"
 }
