 {
   "id": "548562248513045",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_548198191882784",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Unlike the Free-Dumb movement, and the Nazi Christians calling themselves \"Sovereign Citizens\", I actually tell you the truth.\n\nUnlike the Tony \"Sounds-like-he's-got-a-dick-in-his-mouth\" Butros', and Rob Menards of the world, I am not seeking ANY profit.\n\nI am starting to get reports of Christians who intend to harm me because people are listening to me. This is why I can't stand most of you.\n\nMOST of you will say the Christians are right for doing it. If Jesus actually showed up, he'd be killed at the hand of a devout Christian in the first week.\n\nBest start asking the right questions, because when THE TENDER FOR LAW moves to the main site (INVITE ONLY), there will ONLY be people who listen to me.\n\nMy work here is almost done, and I shall no longer have to endure the bulk of you people. Seriously. Most of you will listen to these whack-jobs with imaginary friends, and idiotic evil value-systems, and try to integrate the truth I tell with the lies they \"believe\"... I won't have to endure that much longer.\n\nNone of you see the larger picture. You want to deal with YOUR situation, and then be done with it. You don't get to do that. Nobody ever calls the people who CAUSE it to account. I will... and that's scary to a lot of people.\n\nTo those who grasp what I am saying (...and it's REALLY hard to say this without sounding condescending. I know), I'm proud of you. You may actually change something.\n\nTo the rest of you \"believers\": I hate you.\nThe only reason I don't kill you on sight, is because it's unlawful to do so... and that's the ONLY reason. Your delusions, apathy, and the imaginary friend that the nobility made for you are what caused all this to happen in the first place. If you are a Christian who lost their children to the very mess they helped create... GOOD! YOU DESERVE IT. The child is better off figuring things out the hard way. Adults with imaginary friends shouldn't be raising children anyway.\n\nThis whole year-long venture has shown me that you are all the same, in the end. I have seen the enemy, and it is Jesus.\n\nI can quote from fiction as well as any christian, so how's this for a quote?\n\n\"The KEEPER is awake. The Keeper is aware. The Keeper has seen the enemy\" - Chapter 8 ASCENSION, Homeworld 2",
   "created_time": "2013-08-14T16:59:09+0000"
 }
