 {
   "id": "723715764331025",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_720475051321763",
   "from_name": "Shepard Smith",
   "message": "Good Morning Folks, \n\nRyan is the Kentucky AG, we have been debating issues over two years now, he has given me many insights on how the government will respond to disputes and issues.\n\nI know you folks have no love for such persons, however that said, keep your friends close, keep your enemies closer. The debate and issue is the Birth Certificate and driver's license. I was denied a driver's license by the KY DMV....this is his response and my response....not a word since I sent this.   \n\nRyan Asst. KY AG stated: Well\n they are operating on the wrong information. You have a birth \ncertificate and you are a citizen of the U.S. and the Commonwealth of \nKentucky.\n Ryan  \n\nYou are stating the (BC) is mine...,Alrighty then....lets do it your way my friend, but I don't think your going to like it....\n\nThe next time I go to Court for this traffic case and they ask for the NAME, I'm Going to sound off with \"United States\". \n\nAdministrator/Judge, Excuse me who do you represent in this matter?\n\nAdministrator, I represent the United States in this matter, \n\nAdministrator, the Kentucky Attorney General has issued a \"Legal opinion and \ndetermination\" that this document contains this man's personal and \nprivate information, and that it is in FACT a public document that \nbelongs to the United States. Are there any objections to what I just stated?\n\nAdministrator, I am here to protect and defend the United States the \nholder-in-due-course of that document. I am acting as the \nRegistered-Agent and have an Office and address for service of process for the United States, concerning that document. Are there any objections to what I just stated?\n\nAdministrator, The United States, places Exhibit A Kentucky Birth Certificate before the court.\n\nAdministrator, This document is placed into the Court record and given to the Court as \nFact, Evidence and Proof  that the United States holds Ownership and is in FACT the holder-in-due-course, of that public record.\nAre there any objections to what I just stated?\n\nAdministrator, the Commonwealth Prosecutor has and is making false claims and \nstatements, further this Bar Attorney is acting like an idiot, further he is making claims against the \nUnited States, and entity he has taken an oath to protect and defend.\n\nWhy is the Commonwealth Attorney bringing claims against a interest belonging to the United States? \n\nWhat\n Facts does the Commonwealth Attorney have supporting his \"legal opinion\n or Determinations\" that this document belongs to this man and Not the \nUnited States?\n\nRyan, You have given my some Grand Ideas on how to proceed with this issue and ownership of this document, Thank You.\n   \n\nOK that was fun, now lets move on to the Real Facts brother,\n\nIf\n I had such a thing called a (BC) that would have to mean that thing is my property not the states. That is a Fact. \n\nWhat the hell is the State doing with MY (BC) it if it is indeed mine? How can I even have it if\n the State actually has it? \n\nAre you suggesting one document can be in \ntwo different places being held by two different entities all at the \nsame moment in time? \n\nRyan,\n as you are well aware, I only deal with facts and positive law mate, \nnot \"Legal Opinion or Determinations\". And those fact don't support you \nlegal opinions. \n\nFACT: There is a BC that exists. We're in agreement with this fact\nFACT: It is in fact held by the \nState in the State's custody. We're in agreement with this fact. \nFACT: The State having custody of it makes it \nimpossible for me to have it.We're in agreement with this fact. \nFACT: Therefore, this man has no such thing as BC and \nthere are no facts to support that I have or own such a thing.\nWe're in agreement with this fact. \n\nMore\n facts to look at,\n\nFACT: the State does in \nfact have and hold custody of, does not have my signature on it. We're in agreement with this fact. \nFACT:This man is \nnot a signatory to it. We're in agreement with this fact. \nFACT: This man did not create The Birth Certificate. We're in agreement with this fact. \nFACT: This man did not authorize anyone to create it. We're in agreement with this fact.  \nFACT: It\n does in fact\n have nothing at all to do with this man.We're in agreement with this fact. \nFACT: On the other hand, the two \nsignatories on that document are in fact by two people who are in fact agents of the State and who did in fact sign that document for the \nState. We're in agreement with this fact. \n\nNow\n can you provide any facts to the contrary or to show that I actually \nhave that document when in fact the State has that document? \n\nWHO\n OR WHAT owns all the \"interests\" in that \"legal entity/fiction\" Who is the holder-in-due-course of that \"legal fiction\"? \n\nFACT: United \nStates owns all the interests in it. We're in agreement with this fact. \nFact: United States received the \ninterest in it and United States used that interest in it to support its\n government and military. We're in agreement with this fact. \n\nThese are facts. Without that interest there \ncould be no such thing as United States because there would be nothing \nfor the United States to support its existence with. \n\nWHY are those agents of that local government bringing claims against interest belonging to the United States? \n\nRyan, am\n I going to have to Act like a Bounty Hunter and\n issue a 14th amendment bounty on those people? \n\nHave all their \npersonal assets seized to repay the public debt they are creating for \nthe sole purpose of embezzling funds for their own personal profit and \ngain? \n \nOr would they rather correct their mistake in this matter and I will forgive them? \n\nWhat\n really ticks me off with all of this, IS I am well within my rights to \ndo what I am doing. I am not asking for anything that any Man or Woman \ncan't claim for themselves...even you could claim these \nrights....however you would have to give up your office and job to do \nit...the point being you could do it, if that was your wish.\n\nChase",
   "created_time": "2014-09-24T12:53:42+0000"
 }
