 {
   "id": "633935629975706",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_632986980070571",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "<<Your emotions are a byproduct of you THINKING WRONG and VALUING THE WRONG THINGS. That will ALWAYS produce bad data.\n\nTo deceive, you must INTEND to deceive. Emotions are a RESULT, not a guide. They CAN'T \"deceive\". You're just stupid.>>\n\nI had come to the conclusion that \"emotions\" are in the opposite direction of logic.  When I observe nature, I can't see \"emotions\". You can clearly see the hand of man there, then.\n\nJust like a computer program, our brain has been programmed. ALL of it. Not one single cell has an original thought.... yet. That's reality. So, our \"programming\" works with the input of words, and images. We are programmed to assign and/or subtract VALUE to these words, and images. Our \"intelligence\" is the accumulation of all that bullshit. \n\nIf you can program to assign VALUE to the wrong things, like for example \"emotions\", that would be sufficient to guarantee an ERROR in the thought process. No logic involved. That will keep some smarter people happy, for sure, and the parasites alive, and kicking. \"Emotion\" over logic and/or reason rules today.\n\nScott is programming us. BUT he has given disclosure from the beginning. He has not lied about his intentions. Whoever is still here, better know that there is a reason why all that \"legal\" bullshit was taught to us in the beginning, even thou the group is clearly about MONEY. \n\nAdam, if you still see \"value\" in what Santos, and the Astrocrazoologists have to \"say\", you don't belong in this group. Think about what I'm saying. Then connect that to this:\n\n<<LEARN TO LEAD\nLEARN TO INTELLIGENTLY FOLLOW\nor\nGET THE FUCK OUT OF THE WAY>>\n\nYou see Adam Thomas, when one gets to know what money is, one starts having contempt for people that live off other's people's ENERGY. MY ENERGY. \n\nBy being here, and commenting a million times, and yet no one single drop of substance, you are robbing me of MY ENERGY (and everyone else's), and the ability to acquire KNOWLEDGE without having to sift  piles of shit-stains about how are you \"trembling\", and what not.\n\nSo I will ask you to please get with \"the program\", or I will ask to the administrators myself to get rid of you. And I have pages of evidence to back-up my claim. So, please, \"simmer down now\"... \n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CH_Js_5SpB8",
   "created_time": "2014-03-06T11:01:56+0000"
 }
