 {
   "id": "634424116593524",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_632986980070571",
   "from_name": "Vito Jose Dono",
   "message": "The VIRUS is a narrative infected by the NOBLE.\n\nIn the narrative you get to stay safe. But you can't be free.\n\nIn the narrative... You can't be free. You have to follow the rules of the narrative. If you follow the rules of the narrative in your head, you will follow anything.\n\nYou don't need a narrative in your head to tell you how to be human. You were human from birth. The conditions were imposed afterwards. That is what you are slave to the conditions. Everyone's narrative will vary.\n\nWhen you are free anything goes. Anything can happen and you direct that if you are self directed instead of narrative directed.\n\nThey don't want free, they don't know what it is and if they knew how hard it is the word would never be uttered from their mouth. And that is why its mostly absent in this conversation.\n\nTo BE free; not talk about free. Give a person one moment of self responsibility and they blame you for it. Emotional arrest. Like a teenager who 'had to clean thier room by themselves.\"\n\nThey can't live without these constructs, these narratives.\n You have a narrative, you are no longer free. You have to step to the tune of the narrative. And everyone's narrative is different. When you are free you don't have to. You do whatever it is within your means to do responsibly. A notion that founded this country but was quickly abandoned because people like the idea of others being responsible for them. Everyone take care of everyone else.\nThere's the confict, the opposing values.\n\nNarratives. Everyone has a different narrative and everyone scratches and fights to make sure their narrative is most important.\n\nThat's reflected conflict in this immediate society. Conflict between those who want to be free, to experience the human experience, and those who only want the narrative of the human condition.\n\nFreedom means you have to become SELF RESPONSIBLE. You begin to understand no narrative should contain you.\n\nTo be free means no one is responsible for you. For your emotions, for your physical welfare. So you becomes responsible is you. Only you. A free person waking up in the morning blaming someone or some empire for anything, something....isn't freed. That's a narrative, a story about one's condition. To justify it.\n\nSomeone who says they have to go by a narrative in their head isn't free and consumed by the VIRUS.\n\nBut if you don't want to be free from even the constructs in your head. You don't want to be free. And that's okay. There is no safety in freedom, no comfort, and a lot of hard work. It's easy much easier to be a slave to the narrative in your head because you don't have to do anything. But you'll be a slave to anything if you are a slave to your own narrative.\n\nSomeone will take care of you. A bunch of dysfunctional people will band together and be dysfunctional. That's what we have now. When people say the bank and the government is impugning on their freedom, they are really saying \"The bank and the government is infringing on my expectation that someone will take care of me.'\"\n\nWE KNOW THESE AS THE NOBLE ONES.",
   "created_time": "2014-03-07T15:16:18+0000"
 }
