 {
   "id": "633860049983264",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_632986980070571",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "There's no reason to \"hate\" them. If they want to exploit ignorance, that's not my problem. It's not my business. I don't care what happens to ANY of you.\n\nTeaching YOU is my means to HARM those who dared harm ME and interrupt my PERFECT LIFE.\n\nThat is the thing you don't get, Adam. You, and EVERYONE ELSE HERE are aware of the Noble Lie, because you were a victim of it. \n\nWhen it happened to ME, it was because I was being stiffed for my bills. I pay MINE, you pay YOURS. \n\nI keep MY side of contracts, you keep YOURS. See how simple that is?\n\nWhen I REMINDED the government of this, I became a victim. I am now obligated to enforce the breach clauses in that contract. This is not negotiable.\n\nMy life was PERFECT. Not pretty good. Not REALLY GOOD... PERFECT. I wanted for NOTHING and could do ANYTHING. I WAS FREE! [ NOTE: Make NO mistake; I KNEW I was one of the few people on the planet with a PERFECT life. I took what I needed, and used all I took. I was ALWAYS aware that my life was PERFECT and mentioned it DAILY. I did not live off of your labour.  ]\n\n...you don't get to take that from me and NOT expect blood to spill. To the parties that did it, I say that if you thought otherwise, you are mistaken. I have BILLIONS of trained pre-programmed chimps, just DYING for \"corrective lenses\", and when they come for YOU, just remember the bullshit lies I am expected to accept:\n\nThey're just doing their job.\nThere was a \"court order\".\nIt's all \"perfectly legal\".\n\n...and they WILL come for you.",
   "created_time": "2014-03-06T06:12:21+0000"
 }
