 {
   "id": "501157969920140",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_490608044308466",
   "from_name": "Cheryl Watson",
   "message": "What are you looking for?   A mob to get together and force the court to see things your way?  if you are looking for someone to make your ex act in a responsible manner, you are out of luck. if you want people to know you are a victim, that is becoming clear.   I am convinced that victims cannot be helped.  The victim always has a good  reason why words of guidance and direction (good, proven advice) has not or will not work for them.  what your ex has done to you is your problem and responsibility to deal with.   that doesn't mean that people don't care because some people do care.  AND BEFORE you think that I am being judgemental, I will let you know that I was a victim for the majority of my life.   I still have plenty of victim ways and beliefs.  Stop telling people how mean your ex is to you and stop using your precious daughter as a bargaining chip to get people to help you.  If people spread malicious lies about you, you have them charged or take them to court or whatever.  Hire a private eye, take pictures, voice record. voice recordings do work most of the time.  if you are talking to your ex about stuff, secretly record.  The criminal code of canada gives you the right to record any conversation that you are a part of of.  you give your consent to yourself, the other person does not have to be told. CCC  Sect. 183.1  .  Don't ever, ever, ever, invite CAS into this fight with you.   AND I AM GOING TO SAY THANK , IN ADVANCE, TO EVERYONE ON HERE TO LET ME KNOW IF YOU FEEL I AM ACTING/SPEAKING AS A VICTIM.",
   "created_time": "2013-04-09T13:53:07+0000"
 }
