 {
   "id": "664666653569270",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_664191243616811",
   "from_name": "Pete Daoust",
   "message": "Wich would give.....\n\n8. I am the SOLE AUTHORIZED ADMINISTRATOR for XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, BIRTH CERTIFICATE and/or SURETY BOND/PUBLIC RECORD # 152-XXXXXXXXXXXXX, with REGISTRATION DATE of XX APRIL XXXX.\n9. I am NOT XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.\n10. I am NOT SURETY for XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.\n11. PROOF of who is SURETY for XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, surety being the GOBIERNO DE PUERTO RICO/GOVERNMENT OF PUERTO RICO, is provided in exhibit A, a BIRTH CERTIFICATE and/or SURETY BOND/PUBLIC RECORD # 152-XXXXXXXXXXXXXX with REGISTRATION DATE of XX APRIL XXXX.\n13. I am not an OFFICER, and/or a government AGENT, and/or a TRUSTEE, and/or a Government EMPLOYEE of the CROWN and/or THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA and/or ESTADO LIBRE ASOCIADO DE PUERTO RICO and/or GOBIERNO DE PUERTO RICO .\n14. I am NOT a SLAVE to ANYONE.\n16. All the administration done for the legal name XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is subject to FEES.\n16. I do not recognize and/or authorize ANY authority outside of ME.\n18. There is no authority to attach any LEGAL NAME, and/or ANY information, derived from a public document to ME.\n19. I will NOT buy back any public debt that comes under the legal name XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, and or account # XXX-XX-XXXX..\n20. As the SOLE AUTHORIZED ADMINISTRATOR for XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, BIRTH CERTIFICATE and/or SURETY BOND/PUBLIC RECORD # 152-XXXXXXXXXXXXX, with REGISTRATION DATE of XX APRIL XXXX, I will only ADMINISTRATE these public debts, and send them back to its beneficiary, so they can be presented to THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK and/or to which ever pertinent party, for complete discharge.>>",
   "created_time": "2014-05-09T21:00:16+0000"
 }
