 {
   "id": "749533041749297",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_748282095207725",
   "from_name": "Ceit Butler",
   "message": "\" Affidavit: A written statement of facts voluntarily made by an affiant under an oath or affirmation administered by a person authorized to do so by law.\"\n- http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/_/dict.aspx?word=Affidavit\n\nThe AFFIRMATION is your oath that the AFFIDAVIT is true. \n\nI'm fairly certain I mentioned this already, perhaps even involving the words \"final warning\", but I'm feeling...oh, we'll go with generous. So, here it is: There won't be a warning next time, simply that \"slight tingling sensation\" that you must be so familiar with by now. The key to your \"salvation\", as it were, is FUCKING SILENCE. Enough popping up in threads for the sole purpose of interjecting meaningless shit. You do not add ANY value to the conversation, you simply distract. \n\nYou passed my advice along, earlier in this thread, which is amusing given that you have ignored it yourself. Take this last opportunity to give it another shot. Do not type, not even to respond to this. Unplug your fucking keyboard, if necessary. You've been given a chance that NO ONE else has gotten. You've been banned more times now than I can count, and yet, here you are again. You plead for this opportunity, and then squander it each and every time. That speaks volumes regarding how little you truly value the information here. \n\nMy generosity has faded a little after writing that, I suggest you don't push your luck.",
   "created_time": "2014-11-20T07:41:56+0000"
 }
