 {
   "id": "749107031791898",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_748282095207725",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "The fact that I tell the truth, and NEVER charge a fee is more \"nice\" than you deserve. I hold you in the utmost contempt, and nothing you ever do or say will change that.\n\nYOU, through your own ignorance and apathy, managed to shit on my grandparent's legacy. You do not have enough time left in your life to pay pack the damage your ignorance/apathy has caused, and continues to cause.\n\n...all because, at your very core, you don't like \"smart\" people, unless they solve a problem, and you loathe truth, and will cling to a lie until you feel too foolish to continue.\n\nNo raindrop is ever blamed for its contribution to the flood. Each one will admit it is raining, but none think they are causing any harm. That is how I will ALWAYS see you.\n\nI want to round all of you up and put you in slave camps FOR YOUR OWN GOOD. When Captain Wentz was Admiral Wentz, he wondered why I hadn't already. That was one of MANY questions I was interrogated with. The only reason I wasn't shot and tossed overboard, is because I gave the \"right\" answer to the question \"Why does your Father still have a Pulse\"?\n\nIt turns out, I REALLY AM BETTER. So I judge.\n\nThat IS me being \"nice\", in the way you know it, (not Sino's ACTUAL definition). This is as good as I get to those who are demonstrably LESS than me.",
   "created_time": "2014-11-19T05:15:43+0000"
 }
