 {
   "id": "530039270365343",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_530028637033073",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Since Bildo Schmildo thinks \"Theory\" is something guys in labcoats scribble on napkins, let's look at the difference between THEORY and HYPOTHESIS.\n\nBTW, if anyone wants to raise \"it's just a theory\" after I explain this, then I want you to go to the tallest building, step off, and think \"Gravity is just a theory\" and keep an open mind all the way down.\n\nHere in REALITY, a THEORY is proposed for PEER REVIEW, when you cannot DISPROVE the hypothesis. If you have a HYPOTHESIS, your ONLY thoughts should be to DISPROVE the hypothesis.\n\nWhen you have exhausted your own capabilities, you INVITE OTHERS TO DISPROVE the hypothesis.\n\nScience is BASED ON DOUBT. That's why there is no such thing as a \"Climate Scientist\". It's a scam. A TRUE \"Climate Scientist\" WANTS to be challenged. Especially if they are seeing bad things ahead. \n\nLook at the name we are often called: Conspiracy THEORIST and our Conspiracy THEORIES...meaning they cannot disprove the hypothesis posed...\n\n...it's actually pretty accurate.\n\nBut then you want the THEORY Challenged. The idiot with the \"open mind\" wouldn't mind the THEORY of Gravity challenged as they fall to their deaths from the tall building I told them to step off.\n\nAnyone with a THEORY must ALSO have a condition that they would concede the theory is DIS-PROVED.\n\nIf, one of those idiots who step off the building with an \"open mind\" suddenly flies like tinkerbell, then THEY WIN. Gravity is WRONG, and back to the drawing board...\n\nThat is Science in its most basic form. LEARN IT. it will TEACH YOU TO THINK!",
   "created_time": "2013-06-27T01:33:43+0000"
 }
