 {
   "id": "1017993624903236",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_1017589481610317",
   "from_name": "Adam Cormier",
   "message": "Ok, and yes, still reading! So, there's no point fighting them at their game because they cheat, and make rules to suit them self as they go! Even before reading this stuff, I have never believed anything or anyone period, I don't fucking like people, including family (hard core Roman Catholics), that started in junior high school, just never knew why! But after getting the shit kicked out of me these last few years, fighting their game, i've being forced to fight back after they took everything from me (my ability to medicate with weed and how I was affording to do that, is what I mean with everything). I will not take they're fucking pills, i've lost to many old acquaintances to pills, and I know what they do! Other than that I don't give a fuck, other then for my dog and to find truth, and pay it forward, what ever way I can! I like animals better than people! I see the BS and would rather blow them the fuck up. I feel something big is coming soon, i'm fucking sure of it ! So if there is a way for me to get out of Cape Breton and train mentally and physically and become part of the solution then i'm in! I'm not the best at learning the way I need to here, the concentration needed to read endlessly and understand I have problems with, i'm a hands on kind of man. But when I understand something, I become great at it very fast!  On a side note, I don't fit in, never have and don't fucking want too period!  I may come off as somewhat nice, but thats to get what I need to find truth, and i'm thinking it's here. But don't be fooled, I'm capable of ripping someone's eye's out and face fucking their eye sockets! I hold enormous rage back every fucking day, fueled by endless suicidal tendencies thanks to my disorder's, and no I don't want you'r fucking empathy, that shows me weakness, that I can exploit, but i'm not a man that would, I have better things to do! I'm a man you want holding the gun when the time comes, and just so happens to have a mind of my own! Any fucking question?? Save them, I will only lie to you! I got reading to do, no meds to calm me down or food to eat, but thats nothing new, ever since they started fucking with me! I want to fuck their ways, out of existence period!",
   "created_time": "2016-06-21T16:54:44+0000"
 }
