 {
   "id": "1018092738226658",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_1017589481610317",
   "from_name": "Adam Cormier",
   "message": "Well, in the BELIEF  that Scotts always right,  I must have nothing to offer, nothing of any usefulness than. The only value I see is in my death now, how can I value anything, when I don't value life it self? With all my reading, i'm taking in more BS info on who you are, and how much hate you have! So it would seam that you'r own hate and ego, is causing you'r writing's to drift all over the fucking place, making reading this stuff mind numbing, my brain actually goes numb reading this stuff, to the point that it turns off wile I am still reading! Oh and in case it wasn't clear, I never listen or did what other people ever told me, I don't listen to shit never have, so what programming are you referring to. I don't believe anything is what i'm told it is. Everything is shit period. And so you know, the other side of my family is \"Nicholson\" so keep the CUNT QUEEN OUT OF MY COUNTY ALONG WITH HER FUCKING MONARK ! The best thing anyone ever did was drop the queen, its a fact, that those that wish to rule shouldn't be the one's we let in. From what i'm reading here, it would seem you are one of those kind of people! And the big thing thats coming isn't you, its a shit load of crap, because of the way we have been doing things for so long. I don't care what you accoplish with you'r info, its to late! And if you'r knowlage can't be understood by all, what use is it but to make another group of wealthy CHATTLE to rule the poor! This page seems more like a bunch of Gov mutts, trying to get info and to miss direct people!",
   "created_time": "2016-06-21T21:13:58+0000"
 }
