 {
   "id": "683111861724749",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_682710385098230",
   "from_name": "Chris Evan",
   "message": "Then there is this....\nCHARTER-PARTY, contracts. A contract of affreightment in writing, by which the owner of a ship or other vessel lets the whole, or a part of her, to a merchant or other person for the conveyance of goods, on a particular voyage, in consideration of the payment of freight. This term is derived from the fact, that the contract which bears this name, was formerly written on a card, and afterwards the card was cut into two parts from top to bottom, and one part was delivered to each of the parties, which was produced when required, and by this means counterfeits were prevented. \n     2. This instrument ought to contain, 1. the name and tonnage of the vessel; 2. the name of the captain; 3. the names of the letter to freight and the freighter; 4. the place and time agreed upon for the loading and discharge; 5. the price of the freight; 6. the demurrage or indemnity in case of delay; 7. such other conditions as the parties may agree upon. Abbott on Ship. pt. 3, c. 1, s. 1 to 6; Poth. h.t. n. 4; Pardessus, Dr. Coin. pt. 4, t. 4, c. 1, n. 708. \n     3. When a ship is chartered, this instrument serves to authenticate many of the facts on which the proof of her neutrality must rest, law. He must not leave his master's service during the term of the apprenticeship. The apprentice is entitled to payment for extraordinary services, when promised by the master; 1 Penn. Law Jour. 368. See 1 Whart. 113; and even when no express promise has been made, under peculiar",
   "created_time": "2014-06-19T11:30:45+0000"
 }
