 {
   "id": "901857286516871",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_901831226519477",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Like everything else we build, we will do it all out in the open, and will be LICENSED under a PUBLIC licence.\n\nIt is why, Outside the LEGAL community, I'm the ONLY one in searches that shows up when you search for \"HER MAJESTY AND AN ORGANIZATION\" (WITH the quotes so it searches for the COPYRIGHTED Phrase).\n\nYou often see me post on my timeline, about copyright issues, ESPECIALLY as regards TPP. Other people write  \"HER MAJESTY AND AN ORGANIZATION\", and it eventually gets removed. DMCA was actually made for this purpose. They really don't care if you bootleg a Britney Spears song. They really don't. DMCA is a CENSORSHIP tool. Nothing else.\n\nIt's time to make them impotent.\n\nFirst we'll take their money.\n\nThen we'll take their stuff.\n\nThen YOU will enslave them. \n\nPublic SLAVES.\n\nThey will still do their jobs, but they will KNOW THEIR PLACE. That place is BENEATH ALL OF YOU.\n\nEVERY government should be terrified of what its citizenry can do.\n\nEVERY government worker should leave for work, wondering if they will make it home, because citizens may kill him/her for some corrupt act on an earlier date.\n\nEVERY Government worker should be waking up thankful that the citizens feed them, clothe them, and ALLOW them the PRIVILEGE to serve you.\n\n Make no mistake, we are NOT stopping THAT initiative, EVER! Every time you see the Law Society fuck up in public, that's me. I'll always be there in the background! There behind the scenes.\n\n...Scott Duncan is the REAL me. I get to be myself here. I have MANY other PERSONas in play. One of them is even a fucking LAWYER.\n\nI have spent a LIFETIME building all of this, just so I can play. I have LOTS of PERSONas who work for GOVERNMENT, the LAW SOCIETY, and I've even got one in the ATTORNEY GENERAL'S office! Alas, I may have to give that last one up. An AGENT has been using it so long, people know him by that name. :D\n\nYes, I'm free to LIE in 2016. I used to teach lawyers how to lie. I actually did seminars! I was trained to do it by the GOVERNMENT YOU PAID FOR. I am VERY, VERY good at it.\n\n...but 2016 also means I get to tell you shit I promised not to unless you asked. ;)\n\nYou free-dumbers thought I had a \"god complex\" before? Wait until you see me when I'M THE ONE WHO DICTATES THE TERMS. YOU'VE GOT YOUR SCALE ALL WRONG! :D\n\nALL BELIEF IS EVIL. ALL OF IT\n\nI've driven a wedge in, and cracks are starting to form. All of you are seeing those cracks. That \"wedge\" is AQUILAE. Next year, your job is to be a hammer. Use the wedge we gave you to open the cracks to a point where EVERYONE can see.\n\nI have built myself some really WONDERFUL toys and I may be off playing with them from time to time :D I'm certain Tara and Ceit will keep you entertained whilst I indulge myself.\n\nI'll try to make as much noise as I can without exposing myself. :D",
   "created_time": "2015-11-11T13:41:30+0000"
 }
