 {
   "id": "852803748088892",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_852704614765472",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "What the hell! Here's a teaser. :D\n\nDid you know: If a cop goes UNDERCOVER in a JAIL, they MUST USE THEIR LEGAL NAME, in ONTARIO? SURETY and ACCOUNTING with the MINISTRY OF CORRECTIONAL SERVICES says (said?) they must.\n\nIt's true. I found out this very interesting fact, when I went inside to neutralize someone who took sexual liberties with someone close to someone favoured by HER MAJESTY. I spent 6 weeks maneuvering myself into the \"range\" where my assignment was.\n\nAnd my WORST nightmare came true. An undercover cop, named THOMAS STYLES was also after my target.\n\nI actually had to call my \"handler\" COLLECT, for instruction! I'd NEVER had to seek instruction. EVER. As if that wasn't bad enough, they said to WAIT HIM OUT! SIX MONTHS I had to share a cell with him. He would NOT BREAK. He was JUST as dedicated to his task, as I was. He was a convincing actor, for a LONG time, but his arrogance was his undoing. He unwittingly deployed the most advanced worm of the day, in his efforts to understand computers, quickly.\n\nHe was bullshitting about computers, and that's where I got him. Once, when they snuck him out for other police work, they let him play with a 486 DX2-66, the most advanced computer of the day!\n\nHe spewed bullshit, I spewed truth. I told him how to jackpot bank machines... STEP BY STEP. Suddenly I became HIS target.\n\nBut my target got moved. I had to follow, and the A.G. had everything arranged. I was FIXING THE SYSTEM FROM THE INSIDE! FUCK I WAS AN IDIOT! :D I was the ONLY choice of privateer. I could be trusted, and I WAS REALLY FUCKING GOOD at my job, and I was an OBSERVANT idiot who made records of EVERYTHING!\n\nThat's THOMAS Styles. There are many \"Styles\" in the York Regional Police. NOT that I'm implying \"nepotism\"! I'll explicitly say \"nepotism\" :D\n\nIt's THOMAS Styles.\n\n(That should send a few people scurrying)\n\n...and this is just a sample. I have NO problem NAMING NAMES! :D",
   "created_time": "2015-07-10T08:08:32+0000"
 }
