 {
   "id": "853260634709870",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_852704614765472",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "And they LIE about me!\n\n----------------------------------------------------------\nHmmm, personally I would just call him a rather nasty little man with an over-inflated sense of his own importance. Let me see, a Toronto boy, been around long enough that he can recognize the area down around the old Tip Top building and Front Street. Believes he is God's gift to computer science but from what I can tell has only audited a few CS 101 courses. Stirs up trouble on various FMOTL sites by claiming:\na. they have stolen his ideas;\nb. they aren't radical enough;\nc. various people are agents of the government or CIBC bank.\nBasic strawman/natural person arguments with one novel self addition - the \"affidavit of mistake\". Self appointed admiral of his own fleet under mercantile law. Somehow he has obtained a small group of followers who enjoy being abused by him.\n\n------------------------------------------------------------\n\nREALLY? They REALLY think that this is how people's minds work?\n\n...and what the fuck is this \"Claim\" I made?\n\na. they have stolen his ideas; An advocate of open source, and the creative commons is worried about his ideas being stolen?\n\nb. they aren't radical enough; What?\n\nc. various people are agents of the government or CIBC bank. <---additional bullshit you are supposed to believe? What IS that?\n\nAnd they will just discuss it as if it's fact.\n\nThey even lie about NOTICE OF MISTAKE, by calling it \"AFFIDAVIT of MISTAKE\". <--this is a deliberate attempt to deceive.\n\nDoes everyone see the casual lie this whole thing is?",
   "created_time": "2015-07-11T16:06:05+0000"
 }
