 {
   "id": "852777398091527",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_852704614765472",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Wait until I start spilling \"secrets\". Everything I've shown you is hidden in plain sight! We haven't covered Canon Law! Brush up on your Latin, kiddies! You're going to need it!\n\nAs I said; ALL my oaths end in 2016. ALL of them. I timed it that way...almost 40 years ago! Yes. That long ago. The path wasn't clear back then, but I had a direction, and Computer Science to guide me.\n\nMY ONLY regret is ALL THE MAGNIFICENT WORK I did, for the wrong people. It's time for those wrong people to have the regret. I have no use for it.\n\nI'm giving everyone a means of storage and communication that can NEVER be silenced. It can never be turned off, and it can never be intimidated by a lawyer. :D \n\nLAW, BANKING, COMMUNICATIONS, I'm targeting it all.\n\n...as for GOVERNMENT... We'll govern ourselves, thank you.\n\nYOU will starve, and if I have my way, your parasite children will be in the hold of a tanker, working in a fucking floating sweat shop, making things the people you exploit, want. It's to pay off their parasite debt. Every scrap of food they had, and every night they slept in a warm bed,and anything they spent money on, WAS TAKEN BY FORCE, BY SOMEONE ELSE! They can pay off their debt by serving their victims. Maybe they might learn what pieces of shit their parents are, along the way.\n\n...ah, yes. IF I have my way. I have to disclose; I'm pretty used to getting my own way. It's an \"Admiral\" thing, and I freely admit, that that shit is thoroughly good. I admit, that it's great being the Admiral. I know it won't be forever, so I REALLY enjoy it while I can. :D\n\nHow's THAT for \"crazy\"? :D",
   "created_time": "2015-07-10T05:35:35+0000"
 }
