 {
   "id": "852749518094315",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_852704614765472",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Clock's ticking, Dougie! Pay your bills, or face the people I am FORCING to buy it. THEY keep their word! Legally, and Lawfully, and they are going to want to recoup their losses.\n\nThese are VERY pissed off people who have been forced to buy that debt, but YOU provided the evidence.\n\nLow, altered a public record, and WE PROVED it.\n\nI didn't even kill the cops that boarded my vessel, because that would have broken my oath to HER MAJESTY. I KEEP MY OATHS, EVEN WHEN EVERYONE ELSE DOESN'T.\n\nMy debtors pay the price, and they KNOW who's responsible. Pray to your Joo God that they give you the chance I did.\n\nThing is, of all of HER MAJESTY'S Privateers...\n\n...I'm the \"nice\" one. Except maybe Daniel J Wentz. Still, I'm surely in the top 5...\n\n...of the \"nice\" pirates. :/\n\nHmmm... not really selling this, am I?\n\nWell, in 2016 I have my sights on MUCH BIGGER things, and I need to build infrastructure for all of you, so you can see the war in real-time, and possibly evade detection when needed.\n\nMy aspirations are GLOBAL. I'm JUST GETTING STARTED. They could have left me alone, and kept their side of the bargain, and NONE of this would have happened.\n\nImagine what I will do when I TRULY AM a FREE MAN! \n\nWhat will I do with the empire of \"rust and hashes\"? <---(Dr Who Reference mocking cops: End of Time ep1 29m:00s)\n\nHASHES! Blockchains! Get it? :D\n\n...the end draws near :D",
   "created_time": "2015-07-10T03:27:06+0000"
 }
