 {
   "id": "852790878090179",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_852704614765472",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "EVERYTHING government or the Law Society has constructed WILL BE USED AGAINST THEM. I WILL NOT STOP UNTIL MY DEBT IS PAID, AND UNTIL IT IS, I WILL KEEP TEACHING EVERYONE WHO IS INTERESTED. I AM MOTIVATED BY THAT DEBT, AND THAT DEBT BANKROLLS EVERYTHING I DO.\n\nYou couldn't handle ONE of me, what happens when there's HUNDREDS, who DO understand the issues.\n\nIf all the \"Old School\" folk at the ATTORNEY GENERAL'S OFFICE are all dead/retired, and it's all the Makris generation, then you guys got ROYALLY FUCKED by your predecessors! :D I haven't been there in 20 years. I don't know who the players are, and frankly I don't give a shit. You people brought this on yourselves.\n\nI'm going to burn you with truth with the delight of a psychotic child burning ants with a magnifying glass. :D I'm not sure of my plans... questions...\n\nDo I burn them with the truth ONE BY ONE, or do I do them all at once?\n\nOne at a time might cause panic, as calls for negotiation/surrender will go unanswered. This will instill panic, as the FIRST one couldn't be sure if I'm not some troll on the internet (\"They should make that illegal\". There is a piece of shit in EVERY government who wants to regulate speech), or if I'm a relic from days past.\n\nThe SECOND one will have an example to refer to, and will actively try to destroy evidence. They'll get caught.\n\nThe THIRD will just try to kill me.\n\n...so, all at once, it is :D",
   "created_time": "2015-07-10T06:42:02+0000"
 }
