 {
   "id": "853499031352697",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_852704614765472",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "\"LEGAL\" is in jeopardy! None of them can see that. That is why we will win. Lawyers only think about the \"next problem\". That's all they CAN do.\n\n...except I'm not like anything they've EVER seen.\n\nHere is my \"offer\" to quatloos; Purge all reference to Scott Duncan and/or THE TENDER FOR LAW. Never speak of us  again, and deny ever having done so...\n\n...or I'll REALLY draw attention to you, by all the wrong people.\n\nWant to lie about me? FINE. You just created a debt. That's how you can discharge it. If you choose not to avail yourself of this offer, I shall sell this debt to people who are REALLY grateful (An alien experience to you, I'm sure) to me.\n\nThat's the thing about grateful people. They will buy these debts, and it doesn't bother them... but I DO endorse them collecting their debt! I will do EVERYTHING to make sure they can! :D\n\nI don't really care how much your feelings are hurt. This isn't a war you can win, and if you find yourself in a hole... Stop digging. I can wage a crippling, LEGAL, and LAWFUL war, for all to see. I will do it ALL publicly, which means it won't just be you that pays the price! Simu-Drones will be COPYING what they see!\n\nQUATLOOS=LIVE TARGET DRONE\n\nWant to play? I'll hit you in ways you cannot imagine...ALL LEGAL and LAWFUL, and all crippling to you, and \"ego stroking\" for me. (Seriously? You REALLY think that is a motivator to me?)\n\nI have done it MANY times before, and I do not take prisoners. Ask Marin - Evans LLP. \n\nIf you accept the disengagement terms, I treat it as an oath. Ask Wendy Cole. Her terms were MUCH harsher then what I offer you. For me to go away, she had one of three choices to make me go away.\n\n1: She quits practicing Law.\n2: I litigate her into homelessness (I still tried cases Pro Se)\n3: She dies.\n\nI expressed that I really had no preference, and will accept any of them.\n\nShe chose 1.\n\nShe's never heard a peep from me since.\n\nI'll still use her as a reference. ;)\n\nBTW, I will delete NOTHING of what I've typed. ONLY YOU must purge all reference to myself and/or this group. That will pay your debt.\n\nI SWEAR.\n\n...NO \"PEACE\" INTENDED. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.",
   "created_time": "2015-07-12T04:03:47+0000"
 }
