 {
   "id": "853497598019507",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_852704614765472",
   "from_name": "Chris Evan",
   "message": "Oh man....the MO (modus opperendi) is the same.  They attack (and prey) on emotion.  BUT, the platform had to be established and the content had to be seeded....enter Quatloos (ie Quatloosia Publishing, LLC).  They set up the forum and set the rules, AND took it one step further by censoring the content there and folks with the predisposition to carry out the MO were easily recruited.  These folks' information was censored and they were programmed to be \"SimuDrones\" of these lawyers.  They may be useful idiots, they may be semi informed agents, or they may have an entirely different agenda....point is, THEY ARE THERE and WITH A PURPOSE.  The purpose is someone else's' agenda.  \n\nIt's actually the same MO in here, except Scott offered full disclosure.  (with the difference being that critical thought is encouraged rather than the content seeded based on emotion)  Scott set up the Tender for Law knowing that a certain amount of folks would show up.  He even said something to the effect of  \"I know how you will behave in groups, there will be one honor student and one class clown....but I never know who each will be\".  He knew what he was setting up and how it would be used.  Just like a sports team....the team is different every year, but they are all working toward the same goal regardless WHO exactly plays each position....and that is making the company money (with the underlying public lie that they want to win the Championship).\n\nQuatloos is the same platform as the Sovereign Citizen platform.  As Scott pointed out some time ago, the Sovereign Citizen platform was organized by the government (FBI, if I remember correctly) to attract the hillbilly anti government crowd with a violent nature to fill the ranks...while never realizing that they are complete idiots!  Quatloos is the same....the benefit goes to a faceless stranger named <insert LLC that Jay Adkisson or Chris Meyer holds here>.  Quatloosers get bullshit in return.  \n\nWith The Tender for Law, we get the truth.  Scott told us from the beginning that he will get the benefit.  \n\nBut I see it.  I see the mechanism being employed here!",
   "created_time": "2015-07-12T03:58:19+0000"
 }
