 {
   "id": "852786434757290",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_852704614765472",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "I've waited half a lifetime for 2016, so I got LOTS of \"crazy\" to share! :D\n\nI could go on all night, but instead, I shall say something that was \"Crazy\" 5 years ago, but is almost routine now: I'm off to build a bank. It will open with a net worth of $145 Million.\n\n3 years ago, you would say \"Bullshit Artist\" or, of course, the old stand-by, \"CRAZY\"!\n\nNow you would call yourself \"crazy\" for NOT accepting that as fact :D Let that sink in. Three short years, and you now know how to secure your future, in a way you could never conceive 5 years ago...\n\n...but anyone and everyone who knows me, will testify that I SAW IT ALL COMING! I PREPARED for it.\n\nIt's time to \"spread more crazy\". :D\n\n2016 is our year of \"civil disobedience\". I'm going to show you how to turn the NSA Snoop-net, into your own encrypted tunnel. \"Illegal\", you say? NOPE! The NSA will CONSENT. Your phone will ALWAYS broadcast to the government snoop-nets, the terms and conditions, connecting to the phone! :D\n\nI heard John Affidavit Fernandes is looking to form trades networks for people wanting to sell their skill with Bitcoin! That is AWESOME! THAT is what ALL of you should be doing! Pushing your value ONTO THE BLOCKCHAIN!\n\nYour wealth is PREDETERMINED and it rewards altruism. ALL European exchanges waived fees for Greece, and the price increase that resulted from mass adoption, allowed the exchanges to clean up! :D They made WAY more than any fucking \"fees\" would get them!\n\nAnd ALL AUTOMATIC.\n\n...and I will make MILLIONS OF COPIES OF IT!\n\nSee, as I LOVE saying; We've already won. You can't stop us now. You brought this on yourselves, and I'm YOUR MISTAKE. It's time to make YOU the MISTAKE, and leave it to better men than I, to correct.\n\nI'm OPEN SOURCING, and LICENCING all my \"secrets\". I'm going to make Edward Snowden go all, like \"Dude! WTF! You have had WAY more than me, for decades! WTF, dude! I had Hawaii, and a ballerina cum-bunny! WTF, DUDE! Why didn't you say something!\", and I'll be like \"Dude. Oaths. It's why I get to look down my nose at you. You could have quit. You didn't have to break your oaths.\", and shit like that.\n\n...but that's just \"Crazy\" talk :D",
   "created_time": "2015-07-10T06:17:04+0000"
 }
