 {
   "id": "853322144703719",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_852704614765472",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "\"conspiracy theory/theorist\" is the latest \"everybody knows\" catch phrase. Naomi Wolf is getting the label as well. \n\nIf it's not too \"egomaniacal\", I see myself and Naomi Wolf, kindred spirits, in this realm. We both have \"the label\". Strangers have given us the label  \"conspiracy theorist\". Each year passes, and I find myself in better and better company.\n\nAnd we ALL get lied about. \" Believes he is God's gift to computer science but from ***what I can tell*** has only audited a few CS 101 courses.\"\n\n***Notice the \"liability remover\". This is how LAWYERS lie. When they are called on it, there is no denial; It's regarded as \"a joke\" and they \"play along\", ala \"Since I'm a big-ass lawyer now, because the conspiracy theorists said so... ha ha...\", etc.\n\nWords like \"rant\" and \"babbling\" and \"drivel\" are there to STOP you (the reader) from reading.\n\nHere's how WE as a GROUP, counter that sort of thing.\n\nChris Evan has established that there are in fact LIES on that forum.\n\nThat is an extraordinary claim. It requires extraordinary evidence...\n\n...SO! Simu-Drones (They even lied about Simu-Drones! That's the entire province of Quebec, they're picking a fight with. I'm the ONLY English guy they LIKE!), here is what you do!\n\nPROVE THEY ARE LYING!\n\nI will only accept the MOST compelling evidence.\n\nGO! STROKE muh EGOOOOOOO!\n\nMURRRRIKUH!",
   "created_time": "2015-07-11T16:54:46+0000"
 }
