 {
   "id": "657545510948051",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_553742837994986",
   "from_name": "David Vilaca",
   "message": "ESC CTRL will be sending a bill . I'm setting up the evidence for the affidavit of obligation which will follow the invoice. After that comes the lien on the public bond. All the info I provided, the \"surety\" was provided while under force and duress, I was being tortured so they could identify the NAME, I'm still copy holder of the ticket . I provided the taken name not the the name they wanted (hence the confusion as to my identity), Karen never Identified ME, they did not point to ME and ask is this David Vilaca, she told the cop she was not involved and dident want to answer any questions, the cop asked her is his name david (pointing to his book notes), she said yes, then he asked about the last name and Karen said she did not want to answer so he asked if my last name started with a V and she said yes. thats all they could get out of her. That's how they ID'd the person, no corresponding address, no drivers licence # on the ticket. No one forced me to say anything by the barrel of a gun, they used the bindings as a torture device to gain compliance. The law is very clear about what a reasonable man or woman ought to do. YOU have made a lot of assumptions as to what happened that night. are you 1 of the 12 views on the video before I changed it to private? if so you you did not pat attention, there was no joinder to the info on the computer, they also edited out the part where no picture came up with the DL on file addressed at Hertle, why is that? why no picture on file, perhaps the Justice Department is involved, that question is one I can't answer",
   "created_time": "2014-04-23T22:47:21+0000"
 }
