 {
   "id": "703677833001485",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_553742837994986",
   "from_name": "David Vilaca",
   "message": "From: David Vilaca [mailto:cycloped@me.com]\nSent: Friday, June 06, 2014 1:57 PM\nTo: David Raney\nSubject: Without Prejudice file DR104461010\n\n \n\nMr. Raney\nI have received a \"without prejudice\" correspondence dated May 12, 2014. Thank you for acknowledging my Affidavit of Truth and accepting my Claim registered under RW948016097CA, RW948016106CA and RW948016110CA.\n\n In your correspondence you claimed to be doing an investigation. If I or anyone acting in my interest has lead you to believe that my private name is derived from a public document then that would be a mistake and please forgive me.\n\nThe parties (City Clerk, Vega, Metzger) had 10 days to rebut my affidavit. After receiving your letter, I waited, in good faith 20 days past due for your reply. YOU are now in dishonour.\n\nPlease take note that my affidavit and claim is via registered mail (proof of service) and that I seek a rebuttal and/or peaceful resolution and right of redress for the criminal assault, forcible confinement, arbitrary detainment and fraud perpetrated upon me on the evening of August 16 2013.\n\nAs you are aware, No one shall be held guilty of any criminal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a criminal offence under national or international law. Truth is expressed in the form of an affidavit and an unrebutted affidavit stands as truth in commerce. Furthermore, slavery and servitude has been abolished in all its forms. I have no intent nor obligation to bring this matter before the Courts, The Police Services Board and/or the SIU, I have waived my right to be recognized and/or represented as a person before the law.\n\nI expect your duty and wet ink signature to honour your statement to investigate this controversy. Please provide an offer to settle prior to a notice of fault/non-response under the terms and conditions set out in my registered mail affidavit and claim.\n\nAs principle investigator please be sure to have Her Majesties servants and trustee's respond to me in private, under oath and penalty of perjury with full commercial liability. The City Clerk (acting as Her Majesty in Right of Ontario) Police Constable's VEGA and METZGER have failed to respond and or rebut my affidavit and claim, under oath and penalty of perjury with full commercial liability. YOU, The City Clerk, Police Constable's VEGA and METZGER are in DISHONOR, all defaulted parties served Notice of Non-Response, Invoice and proof of service agree to be accountable as surety to the following charges.\n\nItem a) Criminal Assault. Price $10000.00 ea, units x2.\nItem b) Arbitrary Arrest. Price $5000.00 ea, units x2.\nItem c) Detention/Interrogation. Price per hour or any portion thereof $1000.00 ea. units x2.\nItem d) Forcible Confinement. Price per day or any portion thereof $10000.00 ea. units x1.\nItem e) Subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. Price $10000 ea. x2.\nItem f) Administration FEE. Price per mailing, $1000.00 ea. units x3.\n\nTotal payable for services and injury, $65000.00 in lawful money of Canada. Note, further charges and penalties may be incurred upon Notice of fault/non-response and proof of service.\n\nKindly note, as of May 20 2014 my affidavit stands as truth in commerce and may result in further penalties and private commercial liens upon all parties.\n\nI have presented my claim and affidavit in good faith, without ill will, vexation or frivolity.\nFailure to settle will incur Public Notice, automatic Default Judgement and liens upon the parties.\n\nAs YOU are aware, MY time is very valuable and none of this is my fault, my only obligation is to stand on my rights and serve the truth. \n\nFurthermore \nYou have 3 days to settle this account or provide rebuttal under oath, penalty of perjury and full commercial liability.\n\nMy word is my bond.\ndavid vilaca, Sole Authorized Administrator and Beneficiary. All Rights Reserved.",
   "created_time": "2014-08-07T14:43:55+0000"
 }
