 {
   "id": "705787249457210",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_553742837994986",
   "from_name": "David Vilaca",
   "message": "Articles of Incorporation\n\n1. This HOLDING COMPANY shall be known as ESC CTRL (Ontario #240330043)\n\n2.  ESC CTRL is located at 95-260 Adelaide St E Toronto,  M5A-1N1 \n\n3. ESC CTRL is incorporated as a Holding Company, not for profit and as TRUSTEE for FAR ARDEN TRUST.\n\n4. Henceforth, ESC CTRL is the Sole Authorized Administrator with POWER OF ATTORNEY for DAVID FERNANDES VILACA and any and all interests therein.\n\n5. ESC CTRL is established in Perpetuity.\n\nOBJECTS\n\nESC CTRL is dedicated to the principles long established in Trust Organizations and is obligated to act for the good of the beneficiary/s.\nI. To ensure the health and well being of the beneficiary/s.\nII To secure the rights, privacy and security of the person for the benefit of the Beneficiary/s.\nIII To protect the Beneficiary by what ever means necessary. \nIV To publish, impart or disseminate to others, information, knowledge and technology.\n\nBY-LAWS\n\na. The Director, Trustees, Agents and employees of ESC CTRL are mandated to protect the rights, privacy and integrity of FAR ARDEN TRUST, its BENEFICIARY(S) and interests.\n\nb. The rights, privacy and integrity of the Beneficiary, security of the person and all other interests in, for or on behalf of, DAVID FERNANDES VILACA and/or FAR ARDEN TRUST shall be administered by, ESC CTRL.\n\nc. ESC CTRL shall adopt the following early measures to ensure the survival of FAR ARDEN TRUST, its BENEFICIARY(S) and interests;\ni) Purchase and Implement all available technologies to ensure the value vested by the grantor in FAR ARDEN grows exponentially.\nii) Purchase and Implement all available books/tools/vehicles/vessels and other necessities as required to ensure the rights, privacy and integrity of FAR ARDEN TRUST remain intact in perpetuity.  \niii) *CRYPTO CURRENCY shall be the preferred medium of exchange for ESC CTRL.\n\nd. ESC CTRL adopts the following International Standards;\ni) Slavery and servitude has been abolished in all its forms.\nii) The right to form, join and participate in non-governmental organizations, associations or groups; \niii) The right to communicate with non-governmental or intergovernmental organizations. \niv) The right to freely publish, impart or disseminate to others, information, knowledge and technology.\n\ne. International Law, the Articles of Incorporation and BY-LAWS shall be the SUPREME LAW of ESC CTRL.",
   "created_time": "2014-08-12T03:41:58+0000"
 }
