 {
   "id": "708060589229876",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_553742837994986",
   "from_name": "David Vilaca",
   "message": "This will be mailed registered to the Senior Investigator with Global Claims Solutions.                                                                                                     Mr Raney\n\nIt would seem you have no intent to investigate and/or settle this matter honourably. Why would you recommend that I retain counsel? YOU seem intent to prejudice my standing and influence the outcome of my claim. I have no faith nor trust in YOUR Organization, its integrity, intent and claims to date. I have no obligation to attorn my rights to anyone nor do I intend on being represented as a ward and/or person before the law.\nI have already informed YOU, I am a man and I seek a peaceful resolution AND settlement of this matter. A matter must be expressed to be resolved. \nThis matter has been clearly expressed in an affidavit which now stands as truth in commerce due to non-response.\n\nPerhaps the nature of the claim is not accounted for in your Organization and its policies. I do not require an admission of guilt. Guilt has already been established. I understand the rights of men have been removed from YOUR SOCIETY but that does not negate the fact that other rights exist.\n\nYour claim to not represent Her Majesty is fraud and a Breach of the Trust. As you are aware, \"every one\" \"person\" \"owner\" and similar expressions include [Expressio Unius Est Exclusio Alterius] Her Majesty and an Organization. This includes YOU and your Organization. Ignorance of the law, is no excuse.\n\nI am entitled to my life, my liberty, my integrity and the security of the person, anything less is slavery. \n\nI fully intend to remedy this situation. If you continue to deceive and mislead me and you fail to recognize the importance of this undertaking I will have no other options other than to turn Power of Attorney for this matter over to a Duly Authorized TRUSTEE, without further notice to YOU.\n\nWithout ill-will, vexation or frivolity\nDavid.                                                                                                            SOLE AUTHORIZED ADMINISTRATOR AND BENEFICIARY FOR DAVID F. VILACA ALL RIGHTS RESERVED",
   "created_time": "2014-08-16T15:09:18+0000"
 }
