 {
   "id": "538040739565196",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_537901739579096",
   "from_name": "August le Blanc",
   "message": "The full Story is I was contracted to Produce 1 vid a week for promo on Social media back in April. At a reduced Rate on the condition that all extras would be dealt with after a major event he had put on was finished\n\nThe organization is a media place.  They Produce in house 2 Television shows to promote and Market a Home reno company. I was instrumental and part of a creative team that pitched the original concept back in 2008.  \n\nI Produced, Directed, and Filmed for 18 months straight ( it was weird towards the end I started seeing everything as if thru the viewfinder). Completing 3 different versions of Season 1.  I was tired and was promised many things.   The market and economy went to shit and at Christmas we took a break with the caveat I would be hired back for Season 2 to start shooting the following February. So in Feb of 2011 he sends his girl friend over to my place to discuss and find out about the CRTC regulations, CRTC application and to talk about my upcoming responsibilities for Season 2 ( this is what I was lead to believe).   At the EXACT same time he was meeting with the other Producers and they cut me out.\n\nAlso around this time in my private life, I lost 100 lbs ( 290 down to 190) had a memory surface from a severe child hood trauma and was re traumatized and incapacitated for some time.  March to like 8 months ago.\n\nSuffice is to say the show went on without me and in my ignorance I had no recourse and was also devastated with the betrayal because we were also friends or so I thought for 10 years prior to this.   In my childlike view ( at the time) of the world I really did not comprehend this. I am a loyal and good friend who doesn't ever have malicious intent.\n\nFast forward to the present , starting in Feb of this year, I run into him, we talk, he asks me to come back and do some shooting ( camera ) for him.  He has a big event in June and wants me to help promote it.   He  also then has me shooting ongoing and new jobs, which I say that's extra, to which he responds we deal with it after the event.  Show up with the camera to help him close deals  ( hood ornament) and do all kinds of extras. The event comes and I do all kinds of extras with the caveat we \nwill deal with it after the event.  \n\nThe event comes and goes for 3 weeks after I try to get a meeting with him while still producing social media content. He ducks and dodges. He then invites me to KOOCANUSA lake where he has a houseboat and wants me to shoot ( camera) his houseboat and him.  When I say that's an extra and when are we going to talk? \n\nHe again dodges me until the monday night of the long weekend when he comes and says we are done give me my camera. I do but I take the memory sticks and all footage  that are my intellectual property until I sign it over to him, I hold it as for security for costs and I protected my self by my invoices saying  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.   \n\nSo I sent him a first invoice once I got back with the cost of the extras, and in the terms, I state that  the footage , laptop and associated drives are being held for security for costs and the games begin...\n\nHe has cop buddies and is telling his side which is I stole, Security for costs is not thievery, so here we are.\n\nTerms of invoice :  payable immediately upon receipt.\nfirst invoice sent 12 days ago, 2nd  notice sent yesterday.\n\nI had a hunch he might do this so I protected my self with knowledge gleaned here.  This is my test case, not made up, this is happening.  I am tired of being taken advantage of because I gave people a chance on their word.\n\nI am implementing this case to be able to protect myself in all situations. It is a practical exercise with principles and techniques that can and will be applied elsewhere.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-17T15:46:54+0000"
 }
