 {
   "id": "462493170453287_533869176649019",
   "created_time": "2013-07-07T07:20:57+0000",
   "updated_time": "2014-01-18T20:09:43+0000",
   "from_name": "Derek Hill",
   "from_id": "1.02045272709166E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'} {u'name': u'Scott Duncan', u'id': u'927379467328526'}]",
   "message": "Notice of Mistake Strikes AGAIN!!!!\n\n6 Charges of possession of weed and 2 charges for disturbance of the peace with a charge of uttering a death threat to a \"cop\", a contempt for a restraining order, all charges were withdrawn.\n\nSo what did I do exactly?\n\nWell, since i value my weed and I don't really care about cops, what better opportunity to test my understanding of the Notice than now?\n\nYup, got arrested quicker than a black man trying to get into their own car(no racial slur intended). Helps when you light a fat one right at the police head quarters.\n\nSo blah blah got charged was thrown in the slammer for a night. Morning comes and I file the notice with me(cops were kind enough to retain my effects and allow me to file it in the record).\n\nGot thrown in before a JUSTICE.\n\nFirst thing i said before prosecutor tried to say anything was \"I reserve all rights presented, does anyone object?\"\n\nJUSTICE and prosecutor didn't deny. Said stupid shit like \"whatever rights those are\".\n\nMe \"fantastic, let the record show that no objection were made\".\n\n\"Did the prosecutor get my notice of mistake?\"\n\nProsecutor \"Yes, but I do not understand your language or intention\"\n\nMe \"Good. Have you answered the questioned I posed in that to in order for me to UNDERSTAND the NATURE of the PROCEEDINGS\".\n\nProsecutor \"Your honor, i request a short recess to review the documents that Mr DEREK HILL has served unto us\"\n\nJUSTICE \"Granted, how long do you need\"\n\nProsecutor \"I believe 1 hour should be sufficient\"\n\nShit gets adjourned.\n\nI get back in there. I restate all rights reserved.\n\nProsecutor \"I have been given time to review the notice of mistake that was submitted by Mr. DEREK HILL, and it is the position of the crown to reprimand him for the time being as .....(i didn't pay attention to it was distracted by the officer right beside me making threatening movements).\"\n\nWhen my attention restored back to the matter...\"I'm sorry but your officer is making threatening gestures,.I REQUIRE the crown to repeat that.\".\n\nprosecutor begins to repeat it.\n\nMe \"Point of order, there is questions before the court, this must be addressed. I MUST have these questions answered before I can understand the nature of the proceedings, does questioning not negate understanding?\"\n\nJUSTICE \"He has a point, crown what will you do?\"\n\nProsecutor \"At this time I do not have sufficient evidence to be able to answer those questions.\"\n\nJUSTICE \"Well since the crown is unable to answer the questions you posed, what would you like to do?\"\n\nMe \"Get the fuck out of here.\"\n\nJUSTICE \"Release him immediately. I am staying these proceedings for the time being.\"\n\nI was released and simply walked out.\n\nA week later i got a call from the crown attorney office(how they got my number i dont know). They wanted to let me know that the crown is withdrawing ALL charges(was 16 counts of possession)\n\nThis was my first time doing it with my new understanding from Notice of Mistake.\n\nI requested a transcript for the hearing, They said that they do not have the records. I didn't bother pursuing it. I knew I got them nervous.\n\nNow for the next few times, all of it was very similar to the above. Had to face the same prosecutor several times. Clearly this guy wanted my ass. Every time I stood by it. Every time I filed my notice of mistake.\n\nIF anyone is wondering, to file your notice you must have made a simple affidavit, attach the notice as exhibit \"A\" in your affidavit just put in \"See attached exhibit \"A\"\". Serve it on the crown, get it notarized and commissioned. I was \n\nin jail so everything got done quick. You can make your own if you choose. Substance over form.\n\nLast time was for the restraining order contempt. This was about a month ago. Cops were called was arrested blah blah. Was thrown in the slammer for 2 days. Finally went into the court. JUSTICE Nolan(total bitch 100%) was presiding.\n\nMe \"I reserve all ---\".\n\nJUSTICE \"Shut up I don't want to hear it\".\n\nMe \"How bout you suck dick? I still reserve all rights is there any objections?\"\n\nNo objections.\n\nMe \"Let the record show that no objections were made and all rights has been reserved.\"\n\nProsecutor \"This matter has been brought to my attention this morning. The individual before the court claims that he is not Mr. DEREK HILL\"\n\nMe \"Objection, have you answered my questions. If so, i do not see any response or any response made or any similar instruments.\"\n\nProsecutor \"Your honor, i do not understand what the accused is trying to say, I ask that ---\"\n\nMe \"Objection, by what authority does the crown have to address me as the ACCUSED?\"\n\nProsecutor \"Your honor, clearly the accused ---\"\n\nMe \"Objection, by what authority does the crown have to address me as the ACCUSED?\"\n\nJUSTICE \"Look, listen I am trying to get this done so we can release you.\"\n\nMe \"Objection AND Point of Order, questions are before the court. I DO NOT UNDERSTAND THE NATURE OF THESE PROCEEDINGS\".\n\nJUSTICE \"Shut up or I will hold you in contempt\"\n\nMe \"IF its civil, where is the breach? If its criminal who is complaining?\"\n\nJUSTICE \"I am adjourning this matter to give you some time to think about what you are saying\".\n\nOf course, I go back at the end of the day last case to be heard.\n\nMe \"I reserve all rights, is there any objections?\"\n\nNo objections. JUSTICE has a different tone.\n\nProsecutor \"It is the position of the crown and for the best interest of the public and JUSTICE that the charges be stayed for the time being\"\n\nJUSTICE \"Do I understand you correct that the crown wishes to stay the proceedings?\"\n\nProsecutor \"Yes, your honor.\"\n\nJUSTICE was clearly gritting her teeth at what was going on.\n\nJUSTICE \"Granted. Officer release him and give his belongings.\"\n\nI was released. It was the same prosecutor who was trying to nail me several times. HE was not HAPPY not one bit. He was clearly red and squishing his lips.\n\nThere was a reporter, asked to interview me, I said no.\n\nSO now that you got a gist of it, i will explain it the best i can.\n\nJUSTICE and crown prosecutor is from the same club house. If you look up JUSTICE at dunn and brad company listing, you will see JUSTICE is operating as OF ONTARIO, PROVINCE. Its omitted now but you used to be able to see it.\n\nAll officers carries out the bidding of the company. The BC is owned by the province, that is what the crown is after. The thing is, they try to ding you as surety. By you failing to rebut any names they use such as ACCUSED, that means you accept SURETY. That is what compels you to perform. Remember something very important. Contract = Law. You are not surety. The signature on that BC is the surety. let them deal with it. The province holds the legal title for the name also, so therefor again they are liable not you. You also cannot forget that they did not inform you of what you were doing.\n\nAnother thing i would like to add. MISTAKE. MISTAKE is very powerful in itself. The reason is that if you read into the Rules of Civil Procedure Ontario Annual Practice, they MUST accept your mistake and correct it/adjust it from the beginning. Note the adjust. It's just accounting. The JUSTICE and the Crown have a vested interest to prosecute you. They make money by prosecuting you. They both work at the same company.\n\nYou do not understand the company rules, therefor you best not take part in it. Like Scott Duncan said, you are not in the club.\n\nThe dialog is from my memory. I retained the majority of the meaning on how it went. And yes, all those cases seems to...vanish from record....convenient.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
