 {
   "id": "462493170453287_561919723843964",
   "created_time": "2013-09-19T19:02:01+0000",
   "updated_time": "2013-09-19T19:19:49+0000",
   "from_name": "Joe Bucks",
   "from_id": "1.02041227007269E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "Re-posting this shit here, so you guys can pick it apart. lol\nSam Ganci\nOur Freedom Fighter Earth Bro, Antonio Paulo had a victory. Read on.\nAntonio Paulo\n9 hours ago via mobile \n\nHe He He He He He:) That was so much fun. I absolutely kicked the shit out the judge, the prosecutor, the clerk + the Victoria Police. The judge + prosecutor now have to offset the debt that they created by charging the 'Cestui Que Vie Trust.' They are up for a substantial amount of money between them both. It only took me 3 minutes to completely destroy the court system. They had to get me out of there + quick smart. I was exposing the fraud of the court + I did it all from the 'Public Gallery' without even stepping a foot into the dock/court. The judge calls out \"Antonio Paulo.\" I answered back by saying \"Are you saying that the trust which you are now administering is the Antonio Paulo trust sir?!\" He was stunned + turned white. Judge then answers. \"May you please step into the court please?\" I answered. \"Sorry. I reserve my right to stay here in the public gallery.\" The judge - \"You are required to come into the court.\" Me - \"Sorry. I do not consent to boarding the ship or coming into the 'Bar' sir.\" The judge - \"We'll proceed anyway.\" The prosecutor - \"Antonio Paulo failed to obey our parking signs.\" I cut him off + said. \"Antonio Paulo is indeed in the court.\" I pointed at the judge. \"It is you! As 'Trustee/Administrator. You are Antonio Paulo today aren't you?!\" The judge + prosecutor both drop their heads. I continue in addressing the court. \"Before we go any further. I need to know who you all are?\" I point to the clerk + say. \"Are you the 'Cestui Que Vie's 'Owner/Trustee' who has appointed this judge as 'Administrator' + 'Trustee' of the constructive trust case no. D12403742. Did you also appoint the 'Prosecutor' as 'Executor' of this constructive trust?\" I then point to the judge + say. \"So you are the 'Trustee.' Then pointed to the 'Prosecutor' + said. \"And you are the 'Executor' + I am the 'Beneficiary.' So now we know who's who and as the 'Beneficiary.' I authorize you to handle the accounting + dissolve this constructive trust.\" The judge, prosecutor + the court is in dead silence. I continue in saying. \"I now claim my body. So I am collapsing the 'Cestui Que Vie Trust' which you have charged as there is no value in it. You have committed fraud against all laws! Are you not the creators of controversy?!\" The judge with a face that is red as a tomato calls for the Police + security to remove me from the court cause I exposed their fraud. In the meantime I ask the judge 3 times. \"Are you under oath here today sir?\" No answer from the judge. I then ask him \"Are you are a public servant?\" No answer. I then ask him 3 times. \"Excuse me. May I see your 'Writ Of Commission' + 'Bonding Agreement sir?\" The judge could not produce it for me at all. I then state. \"I as a sovereign am now the highest authority in the court as the judge has not shown me their 'Writ Of Commission' + 'Bonding Agreement.' I now dismiss the case!\" By that time the police + security remove me from the court as I have now exposed the judge + the fraud of the court. I was released at the front door with me saying to the police. \"Go back into your private corporate courtroom + continue to commit 'Treason' you fake counterfeit police impersonators.\" Now the court is left to pay the debt that they created. Stiff shit to all the people that thought that I was talking shit + was going to get locked up. I won the case! Proved everyone wrong + got my retribution against the court from the last time that I was brought into court by a fake counterfeit police officer by the name of Jody Clayton. Mission accomplished + God bless!!!!",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
