 {
   "id": "657484360954166",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_656985224337413",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "I have a DRAFT of an affidavit of affirmation. Chop it up, kids!\n\nCOMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO \n ) ss \nMUNICIPALITY OF XXXXXXXXXXXXXX \n\n AFFIDAVIT of AFFIRMATION\n\nComes now, I and/or ME and/or MYSELF, to tell the truth to the facts related herein states that I have firsthand knowledge of the facts stated herein and believes these facts to be true to the best of my knowledge: \n\n1. I am ME.\n2. I am not YOU.\n3. My name is not of anyone's business.\n4. I am not a LEGAL NAME.\n5. I am NOT a NATURAL PERSON, and/or a PERSON of any kind.\n7. I waive the right to be recognized as a PERSON, and/or a LEGAL PERSON, and/or a NATUTAL PERSON, under the law.\n6. I DO NOT OWN  any PERSON/S.\n8. I am the SOLE AUTHORIZED ADMINISTRATOR for XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, BIRTH CERTIFICATE and/or SURETY BOND/PUBLIC RECORD # 152-XXXXXXXXXXXXX, with REGISTRATION DATE of XX APRIL XXXX.\n9. I am NOT XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.  \n10. I am NOT SURETY for XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.\n11. PROOF of who is SURETY for XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, surety being the GOBIERNO DE PUERTO RICO/GOVERNMENT OF PUERTO RICO, is provided in exhibit A, a BIRTH CERTIFICATE and/or SURETY BOND/PUBLIC RECORD # 152-XXXXXXXXXXXXXX with REGISTRATION DATE of XX APRIL XXXX.\n12. I, as a MAN, am not lawfully entitled to the BENEFITS of a BIRTH CERTIFICATE.\n13. I am not an OFFICER, and/or a government AGENT, and/or a TRUSTEE, and/or a Government EMPLOYEE of the CROWN and/or THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA and/or ESTADO LIBRE ASOCIADO DE PUERTO RICO and/or GOBIERNO DE PUERTO RICO .\n14. I am NOT a SLAVE to ANYONE.\n15. I DO NOT CONSENT to either slavery, and/or involuntary servitude.\n16. All the administration done for the legal name XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX is subject to FEES. \n17. I do not consent to be governed, other than by ME, AND/OR MY own free will.\n16. I do not recognize and/or authorize ANY authority outside of ME.\n18. There is no authority to attach any LEGAL NAME, and/or ANY information, derived from a public document to ME.\n19. I will NOT buy back any public debt that comes under the legal name XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, and or account # XXX-XX-XXXX..\n20. As the SOLE AUTHORIZED ADMINISTRATOR for XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX, BIRTH CERTIFICATE and/or SURETY BOND/PUBLIC RECORD # 152-XXXXXXXXXXXXX, with REGISTRATION DATE of XX APRIL XXXX, I will only ADMINISTRATE these public debts, and send them back to its beneficiary, so they can be presented to THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK and/or to which ever pertinent party, for complete discharge.\n\nFurther, I sayeth naught. \n\n_____________________________                              ____________________________\nSignature Date\n\nCommonwealth of Puerto Rico\nMunicipality of XXXXXXX\nSubscribed and sworn to (or affirmed) before me on this ___day of ___________, 2014 \nI and/or ME and /or MYSELF, proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the MAN who appeared before me. \n__________________________________  (Seal) \nXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX\nNotary Public",
   "created_time": "2014-04-23T19:34:24+0000"
 }
