 {
   "id": "611656872203582",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_611589632210306",
   "from_name": "Steve Lemieux",
   "message": "Actual 3 part document flow:\n\n1. Letter to lawyer\n2. Affidavit\n3. Questions for bankers\n\n1. Letter for lawyer trying to fuck you over:\n\nABC Lawyers                            Date: January1, 2014\n123 Main Street\nAnytown, USA 12345\n\nRef ABC Bank Loan # 123456\n\nDear Sir:\n\nI am in receipt of your letter dated 23 June 2006, in which you are threatening to sue me if I do not pay this alleged debt. \nYou can go ahead and sue me if you wish but I intend to prove in court that the subject loan was a fraud from the inception. I intent to ask a CPA\nand an officer of the bank the attached 160 questions on the stand in open court, and prove that I was never loaned anything.\n\nIf in fact, the bank did loan me a depositor's money, then please have an officer of the bank sign the enclosed affidavit, and I will re-consider my position.\n\n                                                                                                          Sincerely,\n                                                                                                          John William; Doe\n\n2. Affidavit mentioned in step 1:\n\n              AFFIDAVIT\n\nState/Province of   XXXXX            )\n                                                   ) SSS\nXXXXXX                  County          )\n\n1  I, _________________ (printed name) hereby certify that I am an officer of ABC Bank and I have personal, executive, and documented knowledge of loan 123456 which\nwas taken out by John William; Doe on 10 July, 2004.\n\n2  I hereby certify under penalty of perjury that the funds provided for loan 123456 were a depositors money.\n\nI hereby Certify under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct to the best of my firsthand knowledge and belief.\n\n________________           _______________                      \nSignature                       Date\n\n          ACKNOWLEDGEMENT\n\nAs a Notary Public for the State of ____________, I hereby Certify that\n_________________________, who is known to me, or who provided suitable proof of identity, and executed the forgoing Affidavit of their own free will and choice.\n\n________________           _______________                      \nNotary Public                  Date\n\n3. 160 questions for bank shitheads: See OP\n\nPeace",
   "created_time": "2014-01-13T05:51:12+0000"
 }
