 {
   "id": "984170561618876",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_984115011624431",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Here's the thing about being called \"crazy\", and it's a very sinister piece of social engineering, set up by long-dead members of the LAW SOCIETY.\n\nFUN FACT (Sewer Ellie's imaginary Psych students might want to take note): ONLY A \"JUSTICE\" CAN DECLARE YOU \"INSANE\". Doctors can't.\n\nLet that sink in. No \"Psychiatrist\" or \"Psychologist\" has EVER had the \"authority\" to declare you insane, or any of \"insane's\" euphemisms (Crazy, etc).\n\nSo let's, pretend that Sewer Ellie is telling the truth. I'M CRAZY! and I TELL LIES (Which nobody really wants to say, are. Seriously, EVERY TIME! *cough* Spyder-Pig *cough* They will say imaginary bullshit, and when you ask what I LIED about, they say \"I already answered\".) for reasons of mental disease or defect; Why do they act as if I'm at fault then? If I'm \"crazy\" and \"lie\" then what does that make you?\n\nI don't CARE if some stupid government thug says I'm \"crazy\", but YOU SHOULD. I'm not the one being attacked here, YOU ARE.\n\nThis stupid Irish git has ZERO impact on ANYTHING I'm doing. ALL of you could die tomorrow, and it would not change a thing.\n\nSewer Elllie's lies won't take away the crypto networks, and it won't take away my fleet, and it won't take away my global network... Fucking GLOBAL. Yes, even in fucking China.\n\nI actually did something with my life despite all government intervention. Ironically the were the ones who gave me that ability. I am LITERALLY a failed government experiment. He should try that angle! You can infer/imply I'm somehow \"defective\" and \"not good enough\" without actually removing accountability. If I'm \"crazy\" then the very lawyers who's dick Sewer and Rory suck, say I'M NOT ACCOUNTABLE!\n\n...I WELCOME government workers and their indentured slaves to call me \"crazy\", because \"crazy\" = NOT ACCOUNTABLE.\n\nI say Sewer ellie and his butt-buddies are evil and stupid, but not \"crazy\".",
   "created_time": "2016-04-21T19:37:37+0000"
 }
