 {
   "id": "584057754963494",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_582101785159091",
   "from_name": "Cara Small",
   "message": "So now we have received 2 statements. One states previous balance and payment received. The other states a previous balance and \"my\" home owner grant has been denied because it was not signed. I am thinking I need to send back these statements corrected as I have documentation that directs them to settle the account, not apply payment to it. They accepted our offer and cashed the cheque. And yes I wish the account to be settled Pete, otherwise I would have not said so. No I don't understand the nature and cause, however, I know that, should the account remain unsettled, we will have a problem. I am not looking to cause a problem. My intention is to not contract. Scott, is the \"homeowner grant\" funded by others? Nothing they \"give\" me was theirs in the first place, so where does this \"grant\" come from? Then I have an unsigned letter from some one named \"Compliance Analyst\". (ANALyst hehe) In this letter is the statement \"The value of the grant is considered an outstanding tax and is subject to penalty if not claimed by the due date. Unfortunately the penalty is legislated and can not be waived.\" It is addressed to homeowner's. I understand this is referring to the persons. I don't understand how one is to settle this without accepting that WE are the liable party. Is it simply that I need to study the BoE more and learn how to discharge the person's debt? So sorry for being so confused about commerce.",
   "created_time": "2013-11-06T19:17:06+0000"
 }
