 {
   "id": "494516230584314",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_492057720830165",
   "from_name": "David Johansen",
   "message": "this and all my studying here, talking these things over with all of you... my objective is to file the notice of mistake that the birth certificate claims born in U.S.A which is false it is constructive fraud. \nI was born In SUFFOLK County, Boston Massachusetts, and IF i had known (what I know now) before i turned 18 that I would have denounced U.S. citizenship, given back the social security card my parents applied for (i never did), could have never had to register an auto or applied for a drivers license and NEVER would have even 1 thing on the 'cory' (court) record. every single bad thing that has happened to me in my 50 years of existance is specifically and directly related to the fraud perpetrated by the government upon the people.\n\nin 1998 i did 6 months for possession of a joint, my 6th offence. talk about redicilous.\n\nI am a hi iq 144 autistic person, and i can figure out all this stuff given enough time. my goal is to #1 be free of the fraud. #2 be left alone. I have the right to grow a garden, store water, possess the ability to defend my posessions be it gold or fuel or a lawnmower. and i have the right to help others and to travel MY roads without being taxed or molested by the gestapo. I think it's what a lot of people just want, but the government pretty much makes that impossible.",
   "created_time": "2013-03-21T03:54:35+0000"
 }
