 {
   "id": "462493170453287_492057720830165",
   "created_time": "2013-03-14T07:13:06+0000",
   "updated_time": "2016-03-11T21:45:45+0000",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "from_id": "927379467328526",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "DEAN SPEAKS OUT - OK, not really. He just tries to scare you with vague \"consequences\", but I've wrestled with Scientologists, so Dean's method of \"discrediting\" is amateur-night stuff. It is important to ME that you all have things clear in your heads though, so lets walk through the current fear-mongering, and clear up everything in one post (Efficiency)\n\nDean said:\n\n<blockquote>Again, Quote - Scott: \"Yet Dean Clifford squawks about them as if they are the ONLY ANSWER? REALLY?\"\n\nReally, so not only do I squawk, but I believe that motions are the ONLY answer? </blockquote> \n\nRead this paragraph. Phrased in the form of a question... Ok. I'll answer it! YES! That is ALL Dean talked about. I wasn't listening to a special version of the show where only I heard it. There is no OTHER answers, and you will note early on he says \"That's all I want to say about family law\". ALL he talked about was APPLICATIONS and MOTIONS, like appealing to your rapist is a GOOD idea, and ignoring that APPLICATIONS AND MOTIONS = CONSENT. Notice he did not even TOUCH on that issue. He just pretends it's irrelevant, and claims they \"work\".\n\n<blockquote>People who want to believe sensationalists, are welcome to it. I might also suggest you start watching Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker, if you prefer sensationalism and preposterous claims. Of course, they cannot compare to Scott at this point, as he has that market locked down. </blockquote>\n\nNow I'm sensationalist. I make preposterous claims, OK, if anyone here thinks a claim I made is preposterous, please I REALLY want to prove otherwise. If I make a claim here, I am MORE than prepared to substantiate it. Otherwise this is just trying to vaguely discredit.\n\n<blockquote>Also, yes, motions have worked JUST fine in the past to shut court down. Again, people can believe what they want, I am not arguing. Choose your path, and enjoy. \n\nAlso, as for everyone else expecting an immediate reply to most of this absolute nonsense otherwise apparently the nonsense stands as truth, I have this to point out. </blockquote>\n\nWorked in the past... Entering their jurisdiction and Acting as a Party, has worked in the past... Seriously? THAT'S his rebuttal? What I say is NONSENSE, and MOTIONING and APPLYING is ok. REALLY?\n\nIf anything I say is nonsense, please, point out the part where I lost you. I don't speak Yiddish here.\n\n<blockquote>\nI WORK FOR A FUCKING LIVING. I'm FUCKING TIRED when I get home, and I'm even MORE fucking tired if this celebration of foolishness that goes on here. You all want a fucking magic phrase, and think it's all about how your documents are worded or phrased, FFS. All people are capable of around here is talking shit, and THAT is why most of you are doomed. \n</blockquote>\n\nYou're all bad people who are doomed.\n\n<blockquote>\nTender for law?!?!? Really!?!?!? You honestly think that the Chinese are subject to our law if they hold Canadian currency in reserve, or that they are subject to the USA for holding their currency in reserve. You think that the use of a dollar bill binds you to statutes? Enjoy the stagnant reality that is about to become your education in law.\n</blockquote>\n\nI didn't make the law, I just explain it, so what you and I think the Chinese are going to do, is largely irrelevant. THIS NOTE IS LEGAL TENDER, does in fact establish JOINDER (Not \"bind\") when you USE it. It's how commerce is CURRENTLY done. It's unsustainable. I'm showing EVERYONE how to LEAVE it and still have the benefit WITHOUT JOINDER, but yes according to EVERYTHING IN JURISPRUDENCE, COMMERCE, and PUBLIC POLICY, it DOES establish JOINDER.\n\nPretending it does not ignores reality. The people ENFORCING the LEGAL aspects don't care what the Chinese will do. They don't care what Dean believes, and they CERTAINLY don't care which one of US you believe.\n\nUse your heads. Look at everything I write (ESPECIALLY the C.A.S. article) and look for YOURSELF. READ what he is saying, and read what I am saying. He is giving BAD ADVICE. A MOTION and/or APPLICATION also makes JOINDER. Pretending it does not is just stupid! AGAIN, all he has to say about his bad advice is \"it's worked in the past\", completely ignoring the JOINDER issue. Special Appearance means you cannot APPLY or MOTION ANYTHING. DOING SO MAKES YOU SURETY!",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
