 {
   "id": "462493170453287_708378315864770",
   "created_time": "2014-08-17T13:11:55+0000",
   "updated_time": "2014-08-19T16:42:42+0000",
   "from_name": "Stuart Stone",
   "from_id": "1.01534649465191E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "I had an interesting interaction today with some guy trying to serve a summons on a person named 'STUART G STONE'.\n\nFrom memory, the exchange was very similar to this:\n\nHim:  Are you STUART G STONE?\n\nMe:  Who are you and what do you want?\n\nHim: I'm (name) and I need to serve some papers on 'STUART G STONE', are you STUART G STONE?\n\nMe:  At times I administrate matters for that name.  What is this regarding?\n\nHim: These are documents from Pioneer Credit (debt collection agency), for STUART G STONE.  Are you STUART G STONE?\n\nMe:  Isn't that a name derived from a public document or an account or something?  I may have that but how can I be that?\n\nHim:  What do you mean?  I'm just here to serve these papers.\n\nMe:  Do you have a birth certificate?\n\nHim:  Yes\n\nMe:  Is it yours?\n\nHim:  Yes\n\nMe:  Are you sure?  I mean, if it is yours, you can sell it right?\n\nHim:  Well no.\n\nMe:  Then how is it yours?  Can you sell the shoes you are wearing?\n\nHim:  If someone wants to buy them, yes.\n\nMe:  So you can sell them, but not the birth certificate.\n\nHim:  Correct.\n\nMe:  So you can't sell the birth certificate because it is not yours.  In fact it says on the top who created it.  It is signed on the bottom by the registrar, being the only signature on the thing, so I suggest you deliver whatever it is you wish to deliver to STUART G STONE, to the people who created the birth certificate.\n\nHim:  I understand what you're saying, so you're saying that you're not STUART G STONE then.\n\nMe:  I'm a man.  How could I be STUART G STONE?  If I claim to be that, wouldn't I be attempting to claim something I'm not?\n\nHim:  I understand what you're saying, so you're not STUART G STONE then?\n\nMe:  I have already answered your questions.\n\nWith that, he left...this was on a Sunday morning. \n\nI doubt this is the end of this.  I'm now waiting for him to show up where STUART G STONE is listed as working.\n\nMy concerns:  It seemed all too polite and too easy so far.  \nIs it because I kept answering a question with a question?\nIs it because he didn't have guys in magic blue suits to back him up and coerce me into accepting joinder?\nWhat, if anything did I miss?\n\nAlso, from those with experience:\nWhat can I expect next?\nIs there likely to be an enforcement order in the future that will need to be dealt with?\nIs there likely to be a visit from the men with the magic blue suits?\n\nThe matter seems to be related to a debt recovery agency claiming to be the assignee of an alleged debt.\nThey were requested, by registered mail, to provide a copy of the deed of assignment and/or a copy of the original contract and/or a bill, so that the alleged matter may be dealt with.  \n\nThey failed on 3 occasions, made a false entry on the credit score, which I challenged successfully and had the false entry removed.\n\nThis seems to be the next card they are trying to play.\nAny critiques/suggestions/observations are welcomed for learning purposes,\n\nThanks.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
