 {
   "id": "538425066193430",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_538069559562314",
   "from_name": "Cheryl Watson",
   "message": "That is great for you to say Scott Duncan .  Have you had a child taken and held hostage from you by this club?  Knowing their rules and beating them with their own rules is nothing to be ashamed about.  What exactly is your problem with knowing statutes?    My son  doesn't think it was useless for me to know child protection rules.  On the contrary, and  I am being 100% truthful, knowing the clubhouse rules saved my son's life.  You don't seem to understand, at least when it comes to peoples children taken by the government, that while you are saying do this and file this paper, the kids are being abused.  Children need to be out of government custody by any means that will work.  So what if it is by the law.  You don't have to be part of the club,  BUT,  they say you can be a part of it and have equal rights under it, so why wouldn't anyone use that if it would set a record right or result in getting what you want?  I am nobody too important, but I did fight children's aid and won, but it seems that you can move in and out of the system at will???  How did you already get to know stuff?   Everything you guys talk about and accomplish on this page is because someone knows the rules and laws and history of laws and secrets of law that make up \"the Club\"  How do you know that the income tax is illegal???  Because someone had to read the rules.......",
   "created_time": "2013-07-18T14:53:00+0000"
 }
