 {
   "id": "538430129526257",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_538069559562314",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "You are not \"born again\", your brain collapsed from all the bullshit you believe, and you can't tell the difference between what's true and what feels good.\n\nYou DON'T know the bible \"pretty well\". You know what to pick and choose to make you feel good. You are welcome here, but you delusions aren't.\n\nHere in reality, you are an adult with an imaginary friend. Your children are better off away from you.\n\n...the government is just as bad. Congratulations. You sold you child to the state and condemned them to a life of ignorance and superstition, when they aren't suffering at the hands of the government.\n\nI come from the people who MADE that \"bible\" you think made you \"born again\". It's like saying \"Enron Stock is good! That's what I believe\"! ...and saying it to the Enron CEO's.\n\nI am descended from those very people. I'm \"cast out\" because I don't think it's right to exploit ignorance, and I don't have the right to live off of YOUR labour.\n\nDon't try sell \"born again\" around here EVER again. I was TRAINED in HOW TO USE ALL \"Law\" INCLUDING YOUR VILE BIBLES! THAT'S WHAT THEY ARE FOR!\n\nSo you are a \"Born Again Servant to Copyhold\". Good for you. Here in reality you are just a stupid bitch who can't be bothered to think for itself.\n\nYOU PUSH THE VERY FRAUD AND CORRUPTION WE ARE FIGHTING HERE. GET THAT INTO YOUR EMPTY HEAD!",
   "created_time": "2013-07-18T15:10:43+0000"
 }
