 {
   "id": "708500002519268",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_707988202570448",
   "from_name": "John Gessas",
   "message": "I just went through all this shit in court with \"the driver's license\". The family responsibility office took my D/L because they said I did not pay spousal and child support and owed arrears. I , not knowing any better went into court and filed motions to be heard to get the D/L back because I thought I cannot be a mobile welder without it. the justice returned my motion \"denied\" with an explanation that once the D/L had been suspended they no longer had jurisdiction. After talking to the Admiral , and I mean talking ,I kept him up all night to the tune of about 8 solid hours on the phone. ( I am surprised he hasn't assassinated me , but he knows I am truly grateful! ) I went to court and the lawyer tried to give me back the D/L and I refused it.I told the justice that I did not need it to travel in my capacity as a man and that I would be happy to invoice on behalf of \"my person\" for the loss of the ability to operate in commerce if \"my person so chose to do so\". The justice understood apparently because he asked the lawyer if they were willing to basically contract what I was asking for, the loss of my persons privilege to drive for the purpose of commerce on the public road ways. I then stated on record that I, the sole authorised administrator for the person did not accept surety or joinder and if it was implied , the person I administrate chooses not to accept the D/L . the justice asked the lawyer if they agreed and they did , so 'My person\" now can engage in commerce if the administrator (moi) allows it. The rest of the case was dismissed after I reserved all rights and would not allow the lawyers to speak as they had no standing and the justice saw it as so and asked me how I wished to proceed. My response was \"I wish all orders to be recinded ab abnitio and the entire case to be dismissed with prejudice. It is DONE! After 4 long fucking years and listening to the freedumbers got me no where! Only Scott and his captains have shown me the truth and how to search for the source of the truth , and for free! all others with their bullshit claims should be beaten to a bloody pulp for their lies and pissed on for charging money for knowledge that they don't even possess! It took a while to shake all the freedumb shit out and their may be some shit left but again, Thanks SCOTT and The Tender for Law for showing me the true way!   ALL BELIEF IS EVIL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",
   "created_time": "2014-08-17T18:17:34+0000"
 }
