 {
   "id": "739235959445672",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_707988202570448",
   "from_name": "Bart Foley",
   "message": "Hi Admiral, Captain Pete Daoust et al, I am currently filling out an application form for a new Passport. I have not sent the Passport Office a question (Pete's question above \"In other words, you don't understand WHY the man's birth date should be used, instead of the person's birth date\".- I will ask the question after I get my new Passport - I have to travel overseas next week for work) and I have so far signed it as follows: By: Bart Foley Sole Authorised Administrator and in the address section I have written Authorised Administrators Office, etc, Dublin. Pete, you mentioned on another post that you always ask the question before applying for Drivers License, Passport and that's why people are getting in trouble because they haven't completed this task first. You also mentioned that since the question has not been answered by the passport office etc, that you have neither of these IDENTIFICATION documents (persons you happen to have in your pocket). Can you travel / fly internationally? You may have a sail ship which negates the requirement. Can I send in the form (after I get it STAMPED by the GARDAI - Irish Police Force) to the Passport Office and will it issue the passport with the NAME and ADDRESS the way I have it filled in? Is there a possibility that I will  get into trouble down the line because I filled out the form the way I did before asking the question? Apologies for the long winded explanation / question. I can also use my drivers license to fly to London (Accepted by the Aer Lingus - National semi private / public Airline - Ryanair for instance is fully private and they state every passenger is required to have a passport) B",
   "created_time": "2014-10-28T16:44:15+0000"
 }
