 {
   "id": "684411464928122",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_596194293749840",
   "from_name": "Age Thomson",
   "message": "Ok, I've gone through this thread about 3 times now, and I still have a couple of questions. I beg for your forgiveness if they are covered in another thread that I have yet to find.\n\nWhen we have created this TRUST, and have set up a holding corporation to HOLD it, we then move our PERSON into that trust as an asset/object of value. (My wording here might be a little off, but I think I comprehend all of that part.)\n\nNow that we have the corporation and the trust established, we conduct ourselves in all of our business with the new \"hat(s)\"/\"role(s)\" that we have set up. (Ok, I can get that part too)\n\nMy questions then relate to how our children work into this. I have registered 3 with the government at this time, and the government has provided me with BIRTH CERTIFICATES for each of them. So now we have 3 more PERSONS to work into this trust setup somehow. Since I do not want them to be seen as being abandoned. We also have another one on the way as well.\n\nCan I (and should I) set up a trust for each of them at the same time and have the corporation hold it for them until they are old enough to look after it on their own? They are all under 10 years old.\n\nAre they considered my \"property\" still? Could I move their persons into the trust the same as with my own?\n\nSince we are expecting another child soon, what could I do differently with this child versus the previous 3? And what sort of implications might those differences have?\n\nIf anyone can help with this, or point me in the direction so that I can figure it out on my own, that would be awesome.\n\nPete Daoust - My skull isn't spitting blood yet, but I have had to go at this thread over a few days, with several long walks, and 2 sleepless nights. My head isn't turning off anymore since joining this group.... I'm guessing that the blood part is still yet to come?\n\nI read in another thread where Scott Duncan had said something along the lines of being sure that one knows what they are doing with the trusts because if it isn't done right, you'll end up in jail, so I want to get this right in my head before I start down that path.\n\nI'm not a big fan of being in a cage.\n\nAs always, thank-you all for your insights, and your time spent here. I find lots of value in discovering truth, and seeing truth in action.",
   "created_time": "2014-06-22T13:32:49+0000"
 }
