 {
   "id": "499013793467891",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_484745448228059",
   "from_name": "Shawn Folkes",
   "message": "Man I can't wait to get into shit with you guys! \n\nLike...this one Guy I know...became friends with a real deal illuminati..who told him shit. Dude moved from Ottawa (where he was a PhD in biomechanical engineering or some shit, and has pi memorized to 50 decimal places) to...the middle of nowhere.\n\nI too changed my life...got rid of the TIE for the HARDHAT.\nGet me? \nSo I NEED to know all about this...more about the UCC (seeing that I sign shit all the time....with STAMPS) and more about...well....above! \n\nSo..back to topic...\nWithout calling me a name, can anyone tell me some shit? \nSee...a Freeman was nailed by a judge for tax evasion...the judge saying that ya gotta still pay tax to SOMEONE...that someone being the Queen. \nNow.... I see a shitload of holes in that judges statement...but id like to get your guys input...esp how this \"convict\" could have used the UCC(Universal Commerce Code, just so my big assed thumbs aren't accused of being lazy lol) to his advantage in his arguments to the judge.\n\nAnd maybe you all can advise me on family matters...like how my Dad got raped hard by the tax man AND the Canadian courts for hundreds of thousands of dollars...all due to international royalties.\n\nHe, fyi is my big gun. And Hahahahaha a major reason why McGuinty resigned! \nDude didn't get his ROE....or SIX YEARS from his GOVERNMENT employer...\n\nSo yeah... I got reasons to lament what government has made of US! \nAND HAHAHA yo...tall can research right? Won't be hard to figure out who my Dad is HISTORICALLY...or hahahahahahaaa fuck...who my sister is. And who she rolls with. \nYou'll all be glad to know that people on the highest security clearances...like...I dunno.....Corrections Canada? How's about CSIS? \nTheir respective heads... (not ministers fyi) are huge conspiracy theorists...so we have much to discuss!",
   "created_time": "2013-04-02T20:37:28+0000"
 }
