 {
   "id": "485564058146198",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_484745448228059",
   "from_name": "Chad Brodgesell",
   "message": "I'm going to post this here. Not sure if Scott wants it here then move/delete it.\n\nI have a basic problem with virtually everything I've learned in the last 2 years. Dean, in seminars/videos has repeatedly said you can be the Administrator of the PERSON. \"CHAD BRODGESELL\"\n\nAlmost everything is based off that. Now. I 'DID NOT' create this PERSON. Some one else did, or a party of some one elses did. It is NOW my understanding that I can only have the BENEFIT and/or the LIABILITY (I presume as a TRUSTEE) of it.\n\nSo far I have come up with;\n1) ADMINISTRATE it? Not bloody likely as I don't even really know what the PERSON 'really' is in real world. I am therefor NOT QUALIFIED to administrate the PERSON.\n\n2) Be the BENEFICIARY of the PERSON? Yes I am perfectly capable of RECEIVING whatever is BENEFICIAL from the PERSON. I am a monkey, I can do that.\n\n3 ) ACT in the capacity of the TRUSTEE to the PERSON? Not sure if I could as I don't know the duties (I haven't been trained in the capacity of TRUSTEE) I am not QUALIFIED to act as the TRUSTEE of said account. I would also like to see a check soon for performing a TRUSTEE's duties too if I have.\n\nThis is no reflection on Dean Clifford. Just a rant as to a CORE element of the understanding of LAW that is conflicting. Until I get this straightened out I can't continue farther.\n\nAlso, DAMN!, I love to be able to add line breaks in to make it more readable.",
   "created_time": "2013-02-27T12:52:42+0000"
 }
