 {
   "id": "499003716802232",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_484745448228059",
   "from_name": "Shawn Folkes",
   "message": "Great...my post just disappered. Forget it. Never mind.\nJust be advised.\nReferring to ME as an idiot...for not grasping something...or because I'm a very active dude that cybers with his THUMBS (on hands big enough to crush your head) on thus Note (the biggest they got and it ain't big enough) and used Acronyms...don't do.org. You all like your masochistic ways of.learning? Fine. Chaucon son gout.\nJust don't think that shit will fly with me.\n\nI get Scots style...to some degree. \nNot my preferred way of rightwing...but hey...maybe that's how you guys roll... I just know that I lose interest quick...with OPS like this...where the intended audience is already insulted before.anything useful is even rendered. Doesn't matter what's in the book if it's wrapped in dog shit...people ain't gonna read it. Not newbies...unless your interests lie in only educating and sharing with yourselves.\n\nI mean... I could have posted.MY wall post by calling all people who use banks fucking idiots...or call anyone.anything I like...because I can say it to their face...and they can't do shit about it. But...having the real world power to say things to people without fear ain't the same as insulting cyber audiences...and if I don't flesh in people in the real world...and I CAN...I stray cyber bullies and those that appear to have that mentality with great disdain. If your way of educating is by insulting....well...I can tell you're not an educator in real life. \nYou might insult a student like me in your class...and wake up eating from a straw for the rest of four life. So see...I get cheesed when I Snell bullies and those who think they are above others. If you know something intellectual and I don't...it sure doesn't mean you're SMARTER...and doesn't give you the right to talk down to me...cuz I can trump that...and talk back down to you....and say I can...because on more dangerous than you. Does the fact that I can kick in any of your faces give me the right to talk to you like you're dogs? If anything...that gives me more right to do so...than the Guy who \"thinks\" he's smarter than me...that can be debated....or the Guy who can end you...no debate.\n\nOk. Im done. Take this rant as my disclaimer that I'm personally not going to call anyone here anything  and expect the same... And I do not condone belittling shit....no matter who it's from, or what they \"Know\"",
   "created_time": "2013-04-02T19:53:57+0000"
 }
