 {
   "id": "530741386961798",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_530718810297389",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Here's the thing Carl... The REASON I get to strut around looking down my nose as if I'm better than you, is because I AM! It's not because of any \"Title\" I may possess. :P\n\nThings would be a LOT easier if I didn't have empathy. If I had never known love, or what it is to love, I would have a large body count, and no connection to me.\n\nI'd be a VERY good \"Violent Criminal\", and everything the police say about me would be true...\n\n...but I'm not. I'm an honest ethical man who wields too much power, and hates a lot of people.\n\nGood men don't NEED \"rules\". Try to figure out why I have so many. I'm honest and ethical because I am NOT a \"good\" man. I am descended from, and am the by-product of pure evil. The Noble Lie of \"Manifest Destiny\" is why I am even alive... There is nothing \"Good\" abut that.\n\nI look at the horrors my ancestors inflicted, and I am disgusted and ashamed... But it is also where I came from. I NEVER forget that.\n\nI KNOW I would enjoy slitting the throat of a loved one in front of Douglas Levitt, but that loved one never did anything to me. I can't form the intent to harm somebody who has never sought to harm me. I just can't. The horrifying part was something I inherited from my ancestors. It is just there. It just a part of me, in the same way grief never goes away. It just becomes part of you.\n\nIt's not who I am though. The day I said, \"I don't want to play\", was the day that I became Who I am. The \"majority\" meant me harm from that moment forward.\n\nWhenever you wield power, the ethical considerations are paramount.",
   "created_time": "2013-06-28T17:45:33+0000"
 }
