 {
   "id": "531733236862613",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_530718810297389",
   "from_name": "Adam Thomas",
   "message": "The judge will hopefully laugh so hard he shits his pants & ORDERS ME to COMMENCE drinking ALCOHOL AGAIN. Not that I can't drink alcohol I just CHOOSE NOT TO. Nearly 6 years now. See I have her to be grateful to her for that or I could get full of venom & HATE & say nothing made me conquer my demon to drink.  She helped CREATE ME & by fuck she wants ME BACK BAD BECAUSE I IS ALL MANNY MAN N SPARKLY N SHINING N AWESOME...... A G A I N....just like when we first met but no alcohol the second time around.... she's heartless & souless & needs my love back so she becomes that WHOLE angelic beauty that she was when she was 19 & met mad me.......beautiful inside & out.\nS N I F F......Tissues please.\nThen that RELIGION REARED ITS KUNT OF A FACE & REVEALED HER MOTHERS TRUE INTENT AS A MAJOR PLAYER AMONGST THE GOD BOTHERING BRIGADE ON THE SIDE OF THE QUEEN made the decision to take her daughter to an abortion clinic & sacrifice my first littke girl to a fake belief in a deadly dangerous god...it's for the best you know. God will forgive you. What about my littke baby girl where is she.??\nWhere do I cry for her or the many millions of other INNOCENT children ??\nBecause a sky daddy told a king to kill his first born son it makes it allright............\nYes I am full of ANGER & LOTS OF KUNT.\nYes I do wear my heart on my sleeve.\nYes I AM misunderstood. \nYes I do want to FEEL LOVE & GIVE LOVE FREELY.\nI BELIEVE THAT I AM A MAN.\nI BELIEVE THAT I WILL MAKE A DIFFERENCE TO THE WORLD FOR WANT OF A BETTER WORLD FOR US ALL.\nYES I AM.\nYES I will forgive her in the courts.\nI dont have to, I NEED TO FOR ME.\nYes Scott, Captain. I AM your footsoldier now.\nThis Law group has created me. I think Buckminster fuller,  calls it PERTURBATION??...Siegs if wrong spelling.....\nHere I AM in my REAL world spilling my guts of near on 6 years of abuses perpetrated against me & I am nearing the end of the line. But I am telling the whole virtual world my story in a real but imaginary cryptic world of people I have never met in flesh & gets me back to square one the SOURCE of it all again...BELIEF!!!!!!!!\nScott, are ye the source? \nScott, are ye God?\nScott, are ye LOVE ?\nScott are ye the creator of me or just the one that played a bit part amongst many but twas that part that's been wanting & you helped me find it........\nYes I want sum fucking tissues. ... please.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-01T16:29:02+0000"
 }
