 {
   "id": "530728340296436",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_530718810297389",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "On one hand, this endangers cops (Nobody cares), but there are those around that cop who could be harmed too. While the family and/or loved ones of a cop DO benefit from the wages of a municipally hired, armed thug, these people have not harmed ME in any way.\n\nMy own father still has a pulse, because of this very reason. Somebody loves him. Somebody who has not done me ANY harm, and has formed NO hostile intent against me. I have no right to inflict that kind of harm on someone, who has never harmed me.\n\n...which is sad, because he's mean to her. Not abusive... just a little mean. I doubt he even knows his wife is what kept him alive all these years... \n\nMy mother is alive because I like watching her suffer, and use every technological means at my disposal to do so. She really thinks \"the world is out to get her\". It has never occurred to her that her own child has been prodding her to put a bullet in her own head for 3 decades. :D\n\nYes, those are character flaws I have no intention of working on.... back to the ethical question:\n\nI am actually good enough to remove any LEGAL threat to myself, that such an act may pose, though. I have no concerns about that. Publication would be \"perfectly legal\".\n\n...when I choose to harm somebody, I like to be precise. I am accountable to the innocents I harm. Cops and Lawyers CHOSE to harm strangers for a living. I don't care what harm comes to them. Families of lawyers KNOW they live off of the suffering of strangers. If I saw a headline saying \"Lawyer and their family slaughtered\", I'd probably giggle a bit, but I wouldn't really care.\n\nCops on the other hand, are psychopaths, and their loved ones are victims.\n\nOh the ethical burden these hypotheticals pose! :D",
   "created_time": "2013-06-28T16:47:48+0000"
 }
