 {
   "id": "537305932972010",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_536549606380976",
   "from_name": "Dean Clifford",
   "message": "Speaking of.....    \n\nTony Boutros Since you asked, I'm right here Dean Clifford aka (asswipe). I'll bash you anywhere even to your face if I ever get the chance you low life piece of shit because I NOW know who you tuly are and because it wouldn't be bashing since it is the TRUTH. A concept you know nothing about you narcissistic lying scumbag. And nothing you have done ever amounts to anything. Your track record speaks for itself and your so called victory in March is just another figment of your diluted imagination. How many trucks have you lost so far? Have you gotten any of them back yet? LOL. Oh and how many of your properties have been liened? You couldn't talk your way out of a routine traffic stop, but you're very good at selling the idea of doing time in jail as a noble thing. How pathetic! Anything Dean Clifford says, I would question till the end. Even this crap about this so called Croatian restauranteur. There is probably a lot more to the story then what he is revealing, that is of course if it's even real. Where is the evidence? Either it's all heresay, or another setup to promote your BS. Let's see some evidence you lying sack of shit. And speaking of evidence, where are those transcripts and that police cruiser video footage that you said twice on air you will be picking up on March 4 and then again on the 5th? LOL According to you, you liened them and they are now your property. LMAO what a crock of shit. I can't believe people still buy into your crap. Sheeple 2.0. So, you say you haven't had a driver's license for 6 years on shaw TV right? Hahahaha, you and I both know it's a lie. You told me, and it's recorded, that you do have one. Oh and before you go and start spewing more BS about me being pissed off because you're not working with me anymore, let me tell you here and now.... Don't break your arm patting your own back there asswipe . You did me a huge favor. I am extremely grateful that I got to find out who you really are before it was too late. It was DEFINITELY a blessing because continuing on with you would have destroyed my project and my integrity along with it. I wouldn't work with you again if you payed me. YOU ARE NOTHING MORE THAN A LOW LIFE CHARLATAN. End of story.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-15T20:40:01+0000"
 }
