 {
   "id": "537316262970977",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_536549606380976",
   "from_name": "Carl Dunne",
   "message": "Conversation started March 30\n\n8:34am\nTony Boutros\nHey Carl, someone sent me this and asked me if I'm looking for a good laugh.... \"Could tonys biggest problem be the fact that with no dean clifford nobody cares what he has to say. He was counting the money before he made it and was relying on another mans knowledge to do so and the dean wasnt that stupid.\"\nI'd have to say, I did laugh. You're some funny guy . I found your comment so amusing that I just had to reply LOL. For someone to make a statement like that with nothing to back it up has got to be either a comedian, which you're not, or just plain stupid. In fact, your level of stupidity has reached epic proportions. Tell me did you pull that assumption out of your ass? LMAO\nYou actually think Dean is all that? Newsflash moron  The show I did with Heather Tucci-Jarraf of the OPPT pulled over 2860 live listeners, 112 live callers and 9672 archived listens to date. The most Dean ever pulled on his best episode was 605 live listeners, 55 live callers and 5898 archived listens and that was the episode right after he got out of jail.. The rest of his episodes didn't even come close. And the ONE episode with Lovey Cridge on income tax had more email responses than all of Dean's episodes put together.\nYou're right Dean isn't that stupid, but you certainly are LMAO. Dean admited openly that for the last 5 months he had lied, deceived and manipulated you and everyone else as part of a social experiment, and you're cheering him on... Hahahaha You have got to be some kind of stupid! LOL Tell me Carl, did you have to go to school to be this stupid, or were you just born this way? \nYour nose is so far up Dean's ass, you might as well bend over and let him rape you. Since you obviously don't mind being deceived and manipulated by him, you might as well go back to sleep and be a sheeple once again. \nOnce again thanks for the laugh.. This is priceless! \nMarch 31\n\n6:35am\nCarl Dunne\nTony if your going to quote my post the last couple of lines you left out were the point it is infact YOU thats had a mancrush on Dean for some time now and i gather it sadens you deeply when he doesn't look back at you all misty eyed too , however that is not my concern. Had Dean spilled the beans on everything the lesson is meaningless and if you hung on his words thats YOUR lookout but a greater lesson would be learnt by doing your own research and coming to your own conclusions and if you proved what he said wrong at least you were pointed in the right direction without having to have your hand held for you . If you want talk about not having anything to back up statements can you provide proof of your claim i hang on anybodies words never mind Dean Clifford.\nInfact tony i only listened to 2 or 3 of your shows mainly down to the fact i found you irritating and it does sound like you have your mouth full when your talking but that's neither here nor there and i cant even begin to imagine why you thought i would give a shit about your show ratings i'l leave them to you to salivate over they mean nothing here . Dean Clifford didn't fool you , you fooled yourself trying to piggyback off someone else be your own man get over it.\nApril 3\n\n3:48am\nTony Boutros\nHahahaha I must have hit a nerve. LMAO\nLike I said YOU REALLY ARE SOME KIND OF STUPID. Why don't you be a good little sheep, and go kiss Dean Clifford's and Scott Duncan's ass. LMAO",
   "created_time": "2013-07-15T21:02:15+0000"
 }
