 {
   "id": "789364011099533",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_789112524458015",
   "from_name": "Tara Duncan",
   "message": "I miss Scott talking and explaining concepts.  He will sit all night and try to get a point across if even one person is listening (not the same apparently as paying attention).  Often there are \"gems of wisdom\" that I haven't considered; and even after years of the luxury of being in his presence, there are things to learn.  That takes his time, energy, expertise, and the suspension of anything else he may need to do.  While you are free to attend, this is by no means free to produce.  \n\nMany don't realize everyone here stops what they're doing also, to ensure there is no extra noise or disruption.  Essentially everything here \"waits\" for \"you\".  You would think people would be on their best behaviour for someone devoting his time, and that of others, for their benefit.  However, people come in late, constantly request information on how to join the call (during the call),  don't turn off their microphones (causing screeching feedback), constantly ask ridiculous questions; and say or type flippant, disruptive or nonsensical comments.  It is obvious when someone has not read the available materials, and annoying when the same rudimentary concepts (available on the site) have to be explained again, and again, and again.  Just because the call format is free form, and the tone casual, participants are not invited to be assholes.\n\nYou  may not know that Scott plans what he wants to accomplish from start to  finish, one concept providing the building blocks for the next.  Interruptions are distracting.\n\nHave you ever gone to the movies and heard someone yelling at another group of people to stop being disruptive?  Everyone has.  Yet in this forum it almost never happens.  Why is this not valued as much as a two-hour, $20 trip to the movies?\n\nAnyway, this is my (not Scott's) long-winded explanation as to why I see no value in him continuing the conference calls without a meaningful change in the way people view and participate in them. \n\nIf anyone has a counter to this position, I'm interested to hear it.",
   "created_time": "2015-02-14T16:45:26+0000"
 }
