 {
   "id": "543275452375058",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_541335609235709",
   "from_name": "Tara Duncan",
   "message": "I was asked to review this thread to provide an arm's length analysis of the situation/communication.  As a spoiler alert, I skimmed the comments and can therefore not speak knowledgeably on the entire subject, nor do I intend to revisit the 300+ comments to gain greater insight.  \n\nWhat struck me about the post is that it's virtually content free.  Subsequent comments by the original poster are equally vague, and in most cases not even recognisable as English sentences.  From what I can glean from the information presented, someone had some ominous feelings about an undefined situation, was threatened vaguely by unnamed people or groups, and eventually some bad things happened involving unnamed individuals, a possible court or police process, and, perhaps, one or more batons (ballet or military, unspecified).  As a result of the unspecified threats an unspecified possible assault took place, by unspecified people, which resulted in a stay (at some time) of unspecified duration at an unspecified hospital.  From this more unspecified threats are on the horizon, with a requirement for compliance with an unspecified...I think I'll stop here.\n\nIn any case where an event, or series of events have occurred, one should be able to provide a clear, concise accounting of what has transpired.  I, for instance, arrived at work today at 8:50 a.m., had a coffee, answered e-mails, attended several meetings and proceeded at 11:30 a.m. to a team lunch.  I could go into greater detail, either in point form or prose, drilling down to specifics involving names, events or venues; and this is just recounting information that is neither unusual nor particularly meaningful.  In cases where we experience the dramatic or the unusual, this information should be crystal clear in our recollection.\n\nIf you're recounting an event the details should be clear.  If you're asking for assistance or an evaluation, this can be accomplished in a sentence. \n\nDamn...I went back and re-read a large portion of this starting at the end.  Still no joy, only this time I discovered a large number of comments are not relevant to the original post, and probably not even relevant to the larger subject at hand.\n\nWhile the rest of you continue with your emotionally-charged \"Where's Waldo\" non-fact-finding mission, I'll wait for the novel to come out.",
   "created_time": "2013-07-31T23:25:32+0000"
 }
