 {
   "id": "851757871526813",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_851550111547589",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "It SERVES MY AGENDA to have people know the truth. I have NEVER been secretive about that. I CAN'T be. This whole exercise would be pointless otherwise.\n\nGovernment is like a private Navy. I am Admiral of AQUILAE'S Navy. I Don't COMMAND, I SERVE. My CAPTAINS are my ONLY real concern.\n\nI don't derive my \"authority\" from magic parchments and titles. I have the authority I do, because my captains TRUST me. The rules GOVERNING my authority, are the written testament to that TRUST, and when it is signed, that signatory has SURETY for that trust.\n\n..it's also why one would do well to shut the fuck up and do what I say, on those ships, lest a Captain leverage \"Kinetic Enforcement\" on ...one. :D\n\nThe same applies to ME when I board another Privateer's vessel. I shut the fuck up and do what I'm told, because I CONSENTED WHEN I FUCKING BOARDED.\n\nNavies have used these rules for CENTURIES. Your \"Government\" is BASED ON ADMIRALTY MARITIME LAW, as much as you want to pretend it isn't.\n\nRemember; I'm one of the \"Bad Guys\" who was kicked out of the club! I was being groomed to be one of the \"Executives\" of the Legal Matrix, <---(yes that's a thing), and I dared ask \"do we have the right?\", and I was \"Kicked out of the Club\".\n\nIt's also why I know to have a Navy. It's why I know what LIBERTY means (It's NOT a synonym for \"freedom\"), and it is why I am building the things I am.\n\nNONE of you know what's been stolen from you, yet, but you will. That is why I am doing ALL of this; SO YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT'S BEEN STOLEN FROM YOU.\n\nI am a great composer. People have paid me for it.\nI am a great writer. People have paid me for it.\nI am a great Computer Scientist. People have paid me for it.\nI am a great engineer. My fleet is standardized with my work.\n\n...and these are just a sample. That's not made up. Women have spent years with me JUST TO SEE ME DO IT. Some still do.\n\nExcept, I'm no different than you. We're all just semi-evolved chimps that made it this far, and I DO NOT POSSESS ANY MENTAL POWERS THAT YOU DO NOT POSSESS. I AM THE SAME AS YOU.\n\nWhy aren't YOU all these things, AND MORE?\n\nImagine 7 BILLION people like that!\n\nTHAT is what was stolen from you. I know. I helped them do it!",
   "created_time": "2015-07-07T17:50:51+0000"
 }
