 {
   "id": "854892331213367",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_851550111547589",
   "from_name": "Tara Duncan",
   "message": "At the risk of joining the Scott Duncan \"fan club\", I have personally witnessed his prowess in the areas he cites - this in addition to all the usual personal requirements and obligations you might mention, that would prohibit you from accomplishing any of these things.  The competencies he lists are only a few of his skill-sets.  While some come to him naturally, others do not; in all cases these abilities have been developed, or enhanced, through hundreds - probably thousands - of hours of exhaustive research.  If he is working on a project, he is also applying anything he learns to the larger picture.  If he is being sued (usually to cause him financial harm or \"shut him up\"), he also continues to study.  While some of you may see his activity on Facebook as omnipresent, he is also still working and studying.  Despite having no mental powers you do not, he remains the most interesting, humorous and motivated man (human), I have ever met.\n\nWhat he knows he freely \"gives\" to others.  People with equal knowledge are peers, people with greater knowledge are resources.  If you are in any way impressed by Scott, the only thing stopping you from being equally impressive, is yourselves.  Over the years we have disagreed on two things.  The first is my unwavering position that \"inserting\" knowledge into people who have not legitimately \"earned\" it, fails to imbue them with the ethical imperative that would accompany the acquisition of this knowledge through hard work and personal struggle.  The second is frankly none of your business; the outcomes of both are, as yet, unresolved.\n\nI have heard him say from time-to-time that thanking him, or deifying him, are equally pointless.  Thanking someone, while polite and pleasant, is an essentially hollow gesture.  In my recollection no one has fed a family or paid a mortgage on the basis of someone's \"thanks\".  If you deify someone you must, by extrapolation, believe that \"gifts\" are afforded by some higher power.  This essentially frees the bestower of this homage from any responsibility for personal development, as it excuses the lesser efforts of mere mortal men.\n\nIn the read-'em and weep category, I should mention that Scott is proficient at cutting women's hair in attractive, and mathematically impressive, styles.  I have also seen him do some pretty impressive electrical work, and he \"rocks\" plumbing.  Somewhat ironically, I believe he acquired these skills to facilitate getting laid.",
   "created_time": "2015-07-15T13:24:59+0000"
 }
