 {
   "id": "462493170453287_689301251105810",
   "created_time": "2014-07-04T01:06:20+0000",
   "updated_time": "2014-07-10T03:57:35+0000",
   "from_name": "Tara Duncan",
   "from_id": "1.02034833945604E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "A FEW WORDS ON THE SUBJECT OF: LEGAL TENDER\n\nThere has been quite the kafuffle lately hereabouts, what with the ongoing chat battles regarding guru vs. guru, legal tender vs. \"harmless\" coloured paper, and lions vs. Christians.  For the purposes of this article, there are no purported \"gurus\" in this forum, Christians believe they have an invisible companion, and money is a TENDER FOR LAW.  On a personal note, theists could, I suppose, park their imaginary friends at the door, but as the saying goes, \"If you believe that, you'll buy these shoes\".  That level of credulity, which by its very nature permeates every aspect of your existence, simply does not coexist well with critical thought.\n\nAlthough all of these things are connected, only one of these things interests me today - money as LEGAL TENDER.  I'm really confused as to why this concept seems so difficult to the average person.  Our lives revolve around the concept of tenders.  \n\nBasically, a tender is an offer that can be accepted or rejected.\n\nFrom childhood, we put out tenders for affection, acceptance, or stuff, to our parents and strangers, by being cute, or funny, or disingenous.  If the \"cuteness\" is accepted we may get affection, candy or a new bike.  In this system we are subject to the whims of these adults, their oversight and their rules.\n\nIn adulthood we continue to put out tenders for affection, financial or material gain, and even copulation.  Here too we have made the transition to bigger acceptance and better toys, and are now subject to larger oversight and different rules.\n\nIf someone \"offers\" you a flower on the street, you'd better believe it's a tender for pointless conversation or a \"charitable donation\".\n\nIf you're a woman sitting alone in a bar and someone sidles up to you and offers to buy you a drink, what you're really dealing with is a TENDER for SEX.  In this country at least, there are penalties for simply forcing yourself on another person.  You can, however, raise a tender with dinner, a drink, a fur coat, or a trip to Disneyland; and few people are ultimately confused at the expected outcome.\n\nWhy then should the concept of LEGAL TENDER be so obtuse?  Money is something you don't own, and didn't make.  In fact you can't make it - it's a closed system.  You can possess it or use it (see debt in transit), but only if you observe the terms and conditions set by others (not you again) for its use.  The fact that everyone uses and values it, doesn't make availing yourself of this luxury any less a tender.  If you \"owned\" the money you could set your own terms and conditions for its use.  As you don't, the terms and conditions are set by other controlling entities.  By using others' property you agree to be bound by certain rights and obligations - why else would you be participating in this system?  The use of institutionalized money benefits you when you colour inside the lines, and makes you accountable for non-performance when you don't.  There is, in fact, a fairly mature and far-reaching web of systems all working in concert to reward or punish depending on the profit you generate, and how well, or poorly, you perform.\n\nLet's look at a practical example.  If I have a car, and I let you use it, I might tell you that it must be returned in pristine condition, or with a full tank of gas.  Those are just some of the terms I might set.  I might tell you to pick up my aunt Flora at the doctor's office as well.  If you agree to the stipulations I have set, you can accept the loan of the car.  Let's say you forget to collect aunt Flora, and return the car on empty with garbage in the back seat.  I might be angry, I might want you to pay for cleaning the car, or I might send burly men to beat you up.  The only sure thing is that it's probably the last time I'll loan you the car.\n\nUsing conventional money has benefits, no doubt about it.  It's more convenient than working directly for food or shelter, and more socially acceptable than bringing a chicken or pig to exchange for a new outfit.  People have been conditioned to believe that money makes you happy, money buys everything you need, and money offers you legal protections that not-money never could.  \n\nIt's hard to solicit a tender for affection, and one drink may not be an adequate or enforceable tender for sex.  But money...different thing altogether.\n\nCaveat emptor - you'd better read the oh-so-tiny writing on every bill.  For money is a TENDER FOR LAW.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
