 {
   "id": "492010840834853",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_490962517606352",
   "from_name": "Dean Clifford",
   "message": "Again, Quote - Scott: \"Yet Dean Clifford squawks about them as if they are the ONLY ANSWER? REALLY?\" \n\nReally, so not only do I squawk, but I believe that motions are the ONLY answer?  People who want to believe sensationalists, are welcome to it. I might also suggest you start watching Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker, if you prefer sensationalism and preposterous claims. Of course, they cannot compare to Scott at this point, as he has that market locked down. \n\nAlso, yes, motions have worked JUST fine in the past to shut court down. Again, people can believe what they want, I am not arguing. Choose your path, and enjoy. \n\nAlso, as for everyone else expecting an immediate reply to most of this absolute nonsense otherwise apparently the nonsense stands as truth, I have this to point out. \n\nI WORK FOR A FUCKING LIVING. I'm FUCKING TIRED when I get home, and I'm even MORE fucking tired if this celebration of foolishness that goes on here. You all want a fucking magic phrase, and think it's all about how your documents are worded or phrased, FFS. All people are capable of around here is talking shit, and THAT is why most of you are doomed. \n\nTender for law?!?!?  Really!?!?!?  You honestly think that the Chinese are subject to our law if they hold Canadian currency in reserve, or that they are subject to the USA for holding their currency in reserve. You think that the use of a dollar bill binds you to statutes? Enjoy the stagnant reality that is about to become your education in law.\n\nGood, I'm full of shit. Bingo...see ya later. hahaha",
   "created_time": "2013-03-14T03:22:20+0000"
 }
