 {
   "id": "661153407253928",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_536830963019507",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "message": "I will use a bad analogy. But here it goes.\n\nYou are a MAN. You are NOT JASON LERATO. You may only act, in LEGAL/COMMERCE, as the SOLE AUTHORIZED ADMINISTRATOR for JASON LERATO. Man does not exist it that realm, only if his mind permits so. \n\nJASON LERATO it's like a forced business that was given to the MAN to use, and add value to that business, but you don't own it. Also, it comes with an administration job that we did not asked for. \n\nThe MAN is NOT responsible for JASON LERATO, the business. *The OWNER of JASON LERATO is the responsible party for the name/account JASON LERATO. No one told you about this stuff. The business was handed to you. You didn't ask for it.  It's not your fault.\n\nAs in any business, there is ADMINISTRATION that needs to be done for the business to run. But since no one told us about the business, and about the job, we are fucking  up in the administration. Some mafia guys with guns come to take over the administration of the business, for the OWNER, because we are failing to \"do the job\". \n\nThe \"owner\" of JASON LERATO doesn't really want for the man to know this stuff. He is REALLY hoping that the man does not realize what it's happening, and if the man finds out, the owner is really hoping the job is then done for free, and then some. You know, \"everyone\" is scared of \"the boss\".\n\nNow YOU KNOW about the business, and about the job. The administration of the business consists in doing the accounting for the business, by administrating all debts under the name JASON LERATO. The administrator will finish all bills of exchange sent to the business, and administrate those according to the rules. (Bills of Exchange Act)\n\nIn exchange for that job, the ADMINISTRATOR MUST charge for his TIME and ENERGY. It's a CRIME against you to do this stuff against your consent, will, and/or for free. Unless you CONSENT to do it VOLUNTARILY for free. Which they are REALLY hoping. They send thugs with guns to intimidate you, and stuff. \n\nSo, administrate, learn how to communicate with them, and fuck them.\n\nI hope this helps, Jason.",
   "created_time": "2014-05-02T17:29:37+0000"
 }
