 {
   "id": "661169040585698",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_536830963019507",
   "from_name": "J.P. Alexander",
   "message": "Lets call \"IT\"  what IT really IS\nBill of Lading-\n\nA DOCUMENT SIGNED by a CARRIER  (a transporter of goods) or the CARRIERS  REPRESENTATIVE and ISSUED to a CONSIGNOR (the shipper of goods) that EVIDENCES the RECEIPT of GOODS for SHIPMENT to a specified designation and PERSON. \n\nCarriers using all modes of transportation issue bills of lading when they undertake the transportation of cargo. A bill of lading is, in addition to a receipt for the delivery of goods, a CONTRACT for their carriage, and a DOCUMENT OF TITLE to them. Its terms describe the freight for IDENTIFICATION  purposes; state the NAME of the consignor and the provisions of the contract for shipment; and direct the cargo to be delivered to the ORDER or assigns of a particular PERSON, the CONSIGNEE, at a DESIGNATED LOCATION.\n\nThere are two basic types of bills of lading. A STRAIGHT BILL OF LADING is one in which the goods are consigned to a designated party. An ORDER BILL is one in which the goods are consigned to the ORDER of a NAMED party. This distinction is important in determining whether a bill of lading is negotiable (capable of transferring title to the goods covered under it by its delivery or endorsement). If its terms provide that the freight is to be delivered to the bearer (or possessor) of the bill, to the ORDER of a NAMED party, or, as recognized in overseas trade, to a NAMED PERSON or assigns, a bill, as a DOCUMENT OF TITLE , is NEGOTIABLE.  In contrast, a straight bill is NOT negotiable.",
   "created_time": "2014-05-02T18:20:47+0000"
 }
