 {
   "id": "545377678831502",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_545272532175350",
   "from_name": "Neil Rowe",
   "message": "I did 36 months in federal prison, but was held temporarily in several michigan state jails and institutions. Fed Inmate ID # 97996079. I was one of the first charged with interstate communication (from texas) of a threat to injure a public official (in Michigan, bay city) just a few weeks after 911. I flew conair 12 times in belly chains and leg irons. What I discovered is that if you try to fight them, the judge will allow the prosecutors shrink to declare you incompetant to stand trial, even if you refuse to talk to him or submit to any test, and they will threaten to keep you in a rubber room indefinately, unless you agree to plead guilty. I spent the first two years on deisal therapy, and got to see the inside of a dozen federal medical center mental wards all over the country. Houston to bay city MI, to lex KY, back to MI, to butner NC, back to MI, to Rochester minisota, back to MI. After a while you cant fight your case for having to fight the doctors trying to experiment on you. Ive seen dozens of guys drug out in the middle of the night before a hearing, brought back nearly comatose. I realize now someone was watching over me in there. I didnt have any trouble to speak of, made friends with nearly everyone, and spent most of my time payed well doing legal work for top panthers, arians, and mex mobsters everywhere I went. After a while you get tired of living with senior citizen mobsters with altziemers shitting in their pants and leaving a trail of piss up and down the hall ways, and just want to hang out with some regular guys, bank robbers, drug dealers and embezlers, that can keep up with whos deal it is playing cards and hold an inteligent conversation. The moment I agreed to plead guilty, they flew me back to michigan, declared me sane to plead guilty, and let me serve out my last year in texarcanna. The koolest thing about the whole ordeal, is that I got meet and hang out with George Jung. Jonny depp played him in blow. He had been transfered into Rochester FMC for some tests and they put him in the room right across the hall with me. He was bunking with the guy busted with a trunk full of guns on the street outside the white house, and tackled after letting off a couple rounds. Very interesting guy, thought the white house was full of demonic satan worshipers and he was called to save humanity from them. Any way, they instituted a nation wide ban on smoking in federal institutions around this time, and cigaretts went from 2 dollars a pack to 10 a cigerett on the yard, George called me, YES ME!, to his cell to show me 4 cartoons he had hid under his bunk, and asked me to sell them on the yard for half the take. I GOT TO DEAL DRUGS WITH GEORGE JUNG! Statute of limitations is seven years, Right?",
   "created_time": "2013-08-05T23:41:45+0000"
 }
