 {
   "id": "1024796137556318",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_1024267350942530",
   "from_name": "Tara Duncan",
   "message": "Neens Jean:  If I might offer a few words of advice, being exhausted is a good excuse for not being coherent -- once.  It should be noted that if you are too tired to speak intelligently, you should probably just stop until that situation changes.  This is a public forum and usually there are no extra points for speed. That said, I could rouse Scott from a coma and still expect him to be completely coherent.  This is because he is completely familiar with his subject matter (in virtually every area), and the right answer is always the right answer.\n\nYou may have noticed these forums present a \"full body\" experience.  The words you use are important.  The sentence structure is important.  What you know, or don't know, is important. What you say is as important as what you don't or shouldn't say.  People (in general) are already predisposed to interpret your words negatively, or incorrectly (under the my-feels category), so it is also important that what you mean should be precisely what you say. \n\nI noted in one thread that Pete advised someone not to appear in court as it could be extremely dangerous.  This is a battle of words, and style, and joinder, and intent.  Mistakes, if handled improperly, do not forgive error -- and the loser pays with his hard-earned resources or his liberty.  In this system your \"opponent\" makes a living doing the aforementioned, and does this all day, every day.  I can't speak to the ethics of people who do this as their employment, but in my experience, they haven't seemed terribly upset about ruining someone's life.  I'm not sure it affects them.  They get paid either way.\n\nIt would be unfortunate to say, \"I don't not hate my children\", for obvious reasons; equally unfortunate to say, \"Fuck you\" when you really meant, \"Thank you\".  Yet many take words and concepts they don't fully understand and use them incorrectly on a daily basis.  In most cases you can do this without consequence.  Most cases.\n\nIf people here are occasionally \"all over\" a statement or comment, it is because they recognize a fundamental error, and are trying to correct it before it causes you harm or embarrassment elsewhere.\n\nMy two cents anyway.",
   "created_time": "2016-07-03T17:31:36+0000"
 }
