 {
   "id": "561452673890669",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_561411003894836",
   "from_name": "Steven Sharp",
   "message": "Don't get me wrong Scott, I wholeheartedly appreciate any time you've given to trying to teach, and spread understanding. The value of which is incalculable.\n\nBut even my understanding of 3 simple points like those, is pretty much zero.\n\nWho's definitions of those words should I be using? Since you're the one attempting to communicate them, should I be using yours? In which case, I almost certainly don't understand them.\n\nTake numbers 2 and 3 for example. I really don't have a clue what you mean when you state them. Without further clarification, they pretty much exist in a void. \n\nAs for number 1, it seems patently false to me. And I've spent a good deal of time trying to understand if I'm missing some information, or some connection. Some people in this group have parroted that statement in other posts, and I went on at length discussing and disagreeing with them. In the end, I feel that they essentially conceded the point. That doesn't mean that you would, but overall, it leaves me quite confused.\n\nFurthermore, I'm actually scared to post this, and other such comments. I feel like I have to walk a fine line when saying 'that I just don't get it', for fear of being considered either a troll on the one hand, or an idiot on the other. I really don't want to be removed or marginalized from this group.\n\nI believe that I am relatively logical. Seems to me that if these concepts are graspable, I should be able to grasp them. But after years of paying attention, and countless hours spent reading and listening, I still feel lost.",
   "created_time": "2013-09-18T16:20:19+0000"
 }
