 {
   "id": "567196613316275",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_561411003894836",
   "from_name": "Dean Kory",
   "message": "The Crown has brought only a circumstantial case before the court relying on showing a \"pattern of behavior\" to make their case and so It's clearly in their best interests to only show information,and what appears to be evidence of this pattern,by only using \"Cherry Picked\" information going as far as bringing incomplete information,deliberately deceiving information and un-truths into the court.The Crown is using the powerful influence of CONTEXT and the court is made suggestible in the face of only what it is permitted to see and hear and becomes acutely sensitive to even the smallest details.Examples of this manipulation are strune throughout the transcripts,reports and statements. One only has to scrutinize the pattern of behaviour of the Crown in their presentation of this miss information to see the deliberate deception taking place. Exactly how is it that \"DEAN KORY\"is arrested and charged with \"Fail to Appear\" and/or \"Fail to Properly Identify\" at a status hearing and then subsequently arrested and charged with committing an offence at that same hearing where It's being presumed that \"DEAN KORY\" failed to appear as I stood in front of the judge in the court room on the day in question? What is the definition of the word\"Person\" in the context of how It's being used in the matters before the court? In what capacity does a \"Court Official\" exist as it appears in the court room? and in what capacity does the \"NAME\" exist as it appears on the information before the court? The biggest threat to me and what concerns me most is that the police and corrections officers who carry out the physical actions enforcing the legislation, posed by the court officials and government agents, are extremely violent and brutal! The higher ups never do their own dirty work.They always get their \"lower thugs\" to use force,guns,batons,pepper spray,tasers,handcuffs ect.These goons are the real threat. They are un -educated,knuckle dragging, neandrothalic barbarians. They are so unlike the intelligent,seemingly peaceful members of the judiciary who only use\" Harmless Words\"to create and construct situations that generate an income for the court system and they protect that system against any accusations of disreputable practices and so the court officials will quickly distance themselves from the hired thugs if it appears the smell of rotting bacon is rubbing off on the \" Honorable Reputation of the Administration of Justice.\" The Justice System takes advantage of every soul who walks into a court room when they make the presumption that the \"Man\"is knowingly consenting to being identified as a \"Corporation/Fiction\" and excepting surety for that name. This CRIME is witnessed every time by the \"Special Constables\"(sworn peace officers) present in the body of the court and who are either totally incompetent or willfully blind to the fact that a breach of the peace and \"Conspiracy to Commit the Fraudulent Transfer of a Security Interest\" is taking place.This is an indictable offence that amounts to Breach of Trust and TREASON to which the Judge is a party to! There is a public interest in the information and as to what goes on in the courts.The honorable reputation of the administration of justice is at steak here if the secrecy is permitted to shroud far too much of that critical information and in It's proper context.The integrity of the justice system is in question and should be scrutinized by the public givin the scope of the implications made. The public has a right to know and be fully informed.There has been an outrageous lack of transparency and far too much ignorance as to the reality of what goes on in the court room.Almost everything is done in secret and kept secret.Everything should be public.Transparency and accountability are at the heart of all the issues raised and there is little room for secrecy in the public arena. Dean otf Kory",
   "created_time": "2013-10-02T23:15:28+0000"
 }
