 {
   "id": "516876518348285",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_516690678366869",
   "from_name": "Shawn Folkes",
   "message": "yep! As an English major I would edit essays a dozen times or more sometimes. One thing  ALWAYS did? Tried to use ONE word where theres a bunch. And eliminate anything repetitive.\n\nA fun exercise? Identify ALL your points. you have 5 (kinda sorta.Id clean those up to five succinct points. Youre making the points AS you explain. Use an orderly format.They are only really summarized at the end, and add in more 'points' that should have already been made. Dont bring in new points when you are concluding.. Til then its a lil disjointed in terms of \"whats the purpose of this?\". Make your purpose clear from the outset.. make each one a Statement, follow it with any and all relevant Definitions, provide specific Examples (either from the incident or case law) and finish by Explaining how all that relates to the initial statement.\n\nIts called S.(D).E.E. in writing fyi\nExample\n1)Provide the dually signed contract I or the man Known as xxx xxx has with the CORPORATION OF ESSEX - STATEMENT\n\nI have read the cited by-laws, and all references are for \"PERSONS\". The definition section of the by-law and/or codes cited, does NOT properly identify \"PERSON\" as a man, woman, human being, nor does it even mention \"NATURAL PERSON\" for that matter! ANY use of the \"person\" past, present, or future, is PURELY, and ONLY, out of PRIVATE NECESSITY\neg:\nPERSON. 1. The scope of \"person\" as set out in s.2 of the Criminal Code R.S.C. 1985, c. C-46 extends somewhat beyond the individual, covering additionally public bodies, corporations, societies and companies, but, groups having common characteristics such as race, religion, colour and ethnic origin ARE NOT included in the definition (R. v. Keegstra, [1990] 3 S.C.R. 697)\n\n\"Persons are of two classes only - natural persons and legal persons. A natural person is a human being, that has the capacity for rights or duties. A legal person is anything to which the law gives a legal or fictitious existence and personality, with capacity for rights and duties. The ONLY legal person known to our law is the CORPORATION - the BODY CORPORATE\" (Hague v. Cancer Relief & Research Institute, [1939] 4 D.L.?*blurry* (Man. K.B.)).\n-DEFINITIONS\n\n I LIVE in, and claim COMMON LAW jurisdiction, with ALL my inherent rights, I do NOT RESIDE in the CORPORATION OF ESSEX, nor am I a \"PERSON\" within the defintion of the \"codes\" or \"by-laws\" you have cited. Therefore I am unclear, and do NOT understand how I or the man known as xxx xxxx, have ANY obligation to the CORPORATION OF ESSEX and/or to it's agents/officers, as we are unaware of any SIGNED contracts that suggest we are.\n-Specific EXAMPLE how the DEFINITIONS relate to YOU and your STATEMENT\n\nI am unable to \"COMPLY\" with your \"ORDER\" at this time, as I do NOT understand how I as a MAN, with a COMMON LAW CLAIM OF RIGHT to ALL the property at the location known as 9577 Walker rd Mcgregor, have ANY obligation to, and/or contracts with the CORPORATION OF ESSEX.\n-EXPLANATION\n\nand you wrap up your first point with :\"Please provide the EVIDENCE you are relying on that I, or the MAN known as xxx xxxx, are in fact obligated to COMPLY with ANY codes or by-laws of THE CORPORATION OF ESSEX, as we are of the understanding that none exist.\"\n\nNow on to your second main statement! Which MIGHT be:\n2)Provide verified signed complaint by an injured and/or damaged human being, an affirmation, that they have in fact been injured and/or damaged\n\nAnd on you go!\nAs I said...your five points need work...they either overlap, or dont really go anywhere. Like the trespassing stuff...clean all that up and drop t under #5...that should all be discussed in a formal manner AT ONCE in the same section of the body, and not all over the place. And stick to the facts, no story telling, no personal smart ass stuff....I KNOW, its FUN, but it doesnt HELP!!\n\nAnd hahahaha who can tell...I am NOT on my cell!\nTypos and shit? Minimal!!\nLove the laptop lol",
   "created_time": "2013-05-25T16:03:08+0000"
 }
