 {
   "id": "516801888355748",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_516690678366869",
   "from_name": "Shawn Folkes",
   "message": "Did THEY not INITIATE the controversy? Is this letter to not eliminate the controversy? They cant drag you in then say you initiated. Instigated once started...maybe. But then, that might make you...belligerent.\n\nSo INFORMAL greetings Ill do without. Theres a time and place for \"Hi, how are you\". Who is YOU anyways? Id address all shit to THEM specifically as well, ad name names as was done. I would change the into to exclude any 'personal' sounding greetings...this is a legal document. \"Hi how are you\" when I read it it just sounds ...unprofessional. Uncouth. And too much like your kissing ass. Let them think youre \"controversial\" ...MORE for THEM to have to prove...\nAt the worst...\"Greetings\" at the start with a \"Respectfully\" \"sincerely\" or even end with \"With All rights reserved\" after your sig.\n\nand what difference does that intro make if the body contains ad hominem comments and reeks of sarcasm and flippancy (as the OP started to slide towards at the end).\n\nthat underlying sneers arent gonna be missed by whoever youre going to for your \"remedy\". \"Magical super powers\" and all the comments about badges and enforcement officers? Clearly this is a dissident and a trouble maker and will further alert them. And comments I would personally edit out.\n\nLastly...there are times, I would suggest, to use \" \" and not just CAPS...there are significant differences between the two, and could be to your advantage. Any term or definition (esp one that may be in dispute) Id use parentheses, regarding identifying or mentioning various ENTITIES Id use caps...and some times capped words in parentheses...and italicization isnt available HERE but often good to know how to use, esp when referencing other data or literature.\n\nhope these suggestions help!",
   "created_time": "2013-05-25T12:18:19+0000"
 }
