 {
   "id": "516825601686710",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_516690678366869",
   "from_name": "Shawn Folkes",
   "message": "editing IS critical. Id edit essays a dozen times sometimes in University...til I got it right.\n\nIdea? Attack in a clear organized well established format. Go back and write down every one of your points. you have five:\n1)Provide the dually signed contract I or the man Known as xxx xxx has with the CORPORATION OF ESSEX, and,\n\n2)Provide verified signed complaint by an injured and/or damaged human being, an affirmation, that they have in fact been injured and/or damaged, and,\n\n3)Provide proof, and/or first hand knowledge that I, and/or the man known as xxx xxx have been given full disclosure to the terms of the relationship with, THE CORPORATION OF ESSEX, and have thus given consent to be governed by, THE CORPORATION OF ESSEX, and,\n\n4)Ignore due process entirely, Roll the dice, and come and harm an otherwise peaceful man, with threats of trespass and seizure, with hopes that the magical super badge is in fact all powerful, and will offer immunity at the queens bench if need be, as I consider Wxx Mxxxs' actions a willful attack on my rights, and a human rights violation in general, I could not in good conscience waive my rights, to satisfy an office/corporation, that I have NO known relation with, regardless of the inconvenience it may cause me, or,\n\n5)Send an apology letter.\n\nEach one of these...you state t the START as well as he FINISH of your document. Make a thesis TOUCHING o each of these. Then attack each one. Take 1)Provide the dually signed contract, for example. Thats your first BODY paragraph. Make a statement. \"Provide the dually signed contract\" is the statement. You follow this STATEMENT, with any and all relevant DEFINITIONS. Like \"contract\", \"person\". You could put here \n\"Persons are of two classes only - natural persons and legal persons. A natural person is a human being, that has the capacity for rights or duties. A legal person is anything to which the law gives a legal or fictitious existence and personality, with capacity for rights and duties. The ONLY legal person known to our law is the CORPORATION - the BODY CORPORATE\" as one of your definitions, then use the case study as an EXAMPLE, followed by your explanations of how all this is relevant. Example:\nPlease provide the EVIDENCE you are relying on that I, or the MAN known as xxx xxxx, are in fact obligated to COMPLY with ANY codes or by-laws of THE CORPORATION OF ESSEX, as we are of the understanding that none exist....\nthis should be your LAST statement on this sub topic. But you continued on.\n\nFollow this format: Statement, Definition, Example, Explanation.\nOnce you have your main points (yours are 5), those are your statements. Definitions clarify ANYTHING you say in your statement. Then give specific relevant examples, either directly related to the incident, or case law and precedences to support your statement. Conclude by EXPLAINING how the example is relevant to your initial STATEMENT. ANYTHING that you write that isnt a Statement (of fact) a Definition, a valid Example, or accurate or relevant EXPLANATION, I would eliminate",
   "created_time": "2013-05-25T13:42:28+0000"
 }
