 {
   "id": "462493170453287_1015530731816192",
   "created_time": "2016-06-17T09:07:40+0000",
   "updated_time": "2016-06-17T16:41:49+0000",
   "from_name": "Anibal Jose Baez",
   "from_id": "1.02035927166068E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'} {u'name': u'Scott Duncan', u'id': u'927379467328526'} {u'name': u'Pete Daoust', u'id': u'10201771254270067'}]",
   "message": "\"How can I \"thank\" Scott Duncan?\"\n\nI bet is a question many of us readers of Scott/The Tender for Law have pondered, at one point after \"feeling\" inspired by the knowledge shared for over 4 years now.\n\nTo me this has been a journey, that apparently will never end. In the beginning I BELIEVED that by just \"feeling thankful\" or \"giving thanks\" to Scott I was actually \"doing something good.\" \n\nLater (3 years after being part of this group), I started to actually think with the new information I had acquired here. It was then I realized how evil, and insulting a \"thank you\" really is. It's part of the program given to us, and it's fed by social discourse, and our own delusions. \n\n\"Thank you\" is a way of \"feeling\" that by just saying nice magical words, you have actually repaid a debt for something someone else did for you, or gave you. And guess were that program comes from, on this part of the hemisphere? The Bible! The whole \"giving thanks\" part of the Bible, now will probably be seen by a few quite differently. \"Thank you\" turns you into an ungrateful piece of shit. It also infuses a sense of false entitlement. \n\nLook/observe at nature. A tree gets it's nutrients from the soil. The tree grows leaves, flowers, and fruit that then fall into the ground. Animals, and insects eat some of that organic material, then poop. Then all this organic material mixes and decomposes, turning into nutrients that return to the soil, that trees get again. It's a give, take, and give back constantly. And the cycle goes on.\n\nWhat would happen if the tree just gets the nutrients from the soil, but then decides to not return any leaves, flowers, or fruit back to it? What if the tree just says to the soil \"Thank you! \"God\" bless you, and may \"god\" repay you for all the nutrients!\" It would disturb nature. You stop the flow. In the end, it's bad for everyone.\n\nBut I digress... Once I realized this, I stared thinking that I could only repay a debt by actually doing something to repay it, not just feel entitled, and throw the old \"thank you/fuck you.\" \n\nIt turns out that reading a thread Scott mentions exactly how to repay the debt owed to him. As we all know, it wasn't money that he was/is asking for. We have NOTHING of value to him.  But he did mentioned that if you wanted to \"show your thanks,\" the way was/is to ask government officials, and Law Society, specific questions, sending notices via registered mail. And should they not answer, make it public by publishing those notices in the Legal Notices Section of the local newspaper. \n\nFor example, \"Can I use the SECURITY of my PERSON to DISCHARGE PUBLIC DEBTS?\" Or, you may ask the Law Society \"What does an attorney attorns?\"\n\nShort, and simple. Don't give them 20 fucking questions. Stick to ONE question, and have them answer it in writing, via registered mail only. Do not accept any other type of correspondence, as it will probably lead to JOINDER, and you may deem this as unacceptable. \n\nThere are many readers, all at different levels of understanding. Some have been here long, some have a couple of years, and some are new. If you do not understand what you are doing, why you are doing it, and how to do it, it means you need to read more, in order to do anything. Do not be an idiot, and start doing shit if you do not know. It is really not complicated, but I make the warning for the happy trigger \"I want to look cool\" morons out there, that start sending crap, without having a fucking clue of what they are doing. Oh yes, I KNOW you are out there reading!\n\nAll of Scott's articles come to mind. PROPER NOTICE FOR IDIOTS is one of them. How to write a notice, for idiots, literally. And Pete Daoust has also examples of simple, and short communications asking questions like \"Can I use the SECURITY of my PERSON to DISCHARGE PUBLIC DEBTS?\" Check him out for a \"dumbed-down\" lay down.\n\nI want to make the note that it's human, and shows empathy, to be appreciative of others. But we must demonstrate our gratitude by repaying the debt, instead of believing a \"thank you\" will do.\n\nAt the end, asking these questions will only help you, not Scott. Asking these questions should make you think. Why is it that you are asking them? That may lead you to a quest for the TRUTH. Spoiler alert: there is codified SLAVERY in place! \n\nSo there you go. You want to \"thank Scott\" or show your gratitude? Now you know what \"thanks\" means, and what to actually do to show your gratitude.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
