 {
   "id": "545315312171072",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_544184398950830",
   "from_name": "Robert Cormier",
   "message": "You may use it in any way you want Chad Brodgesell. The point of my suggestion is to establish SURETY and is therefore a suggestion regarding strategy. The letter you crafted will get backs up immediately and put everyone on the defensive. It is likely that you will get a one line response in another letter that will also be unsigned. It might read \"I am terribly sorry to inform you that we don't understand the point of your letter. Could you please rephrase your questions. PS you have 4 more days to respond before we dissolve your company\" I would use mine first to establish SURETY, and, I would be all nice about it adding \"please\" and \"thank-you\" as well as something along the lines of \"Surely you appreciate that given the seriousness of the implications, you will understand my need to confirm if it's authentic.\" etc. Additionally, I would break your letter into about 4 or 5 letters. I would be nice in those letters as well. Example: I am seeking clarification regarding the box which contains xxx. A lawyer friend suggested to me that this letter is likely a hoax because, according to him, the contents of a box do not appear on that page in the eyes of the law. Was that box that contained xxxx supposed to be there? My point here is that you are more likely to get an articulate response if you pose a few question/points at a time. Also, if your letter is \"tight\" legally speaking, and you are entitled to eleventy billion, Flaherty's office could say We never sent such a letter, who is it signed by?\" When you establish that nobody signed it, you yourself will confirm that none can be held liable. I'll make more points regarding your content later. Have to go. Again....this post, and my previous post here is intended as food for thought. :)",
   "created_time": "2013-08-05T19:24:59+0000"
 }
