 {
   "id": "545639872138616",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_544184398950830",
   "from_name": "Chad Brodgesell",
   "message": "To all the comments, :) I have come up with this to start it rolling.\n\nDear Mr. Flaherty,\nI received the attached document in the mail. As the attached document is not signed, I am unable to confirm its validity. I have NO UNDERSTANDING of the attached document yet have many questions regarding the attached document to ask of the person who sent the attached document to my corporation. I suspect it might be a forgery and someone has initiated a hoax upon me and my corporation or it could possible be a simply mistake of issuing and sending the attached document without a signature. \n\nIf this document was sent by you, or, one of your agents, please issue a new Notice of Pending Cancellation signed by you, or, have one of your agents sign it so I can be certain that it was constructed and sent by you, or, one of your agents and I may reply appropriately.  Please hold on to the attached document for purposes of evidence if indeed you or any of your agents did in fact not send attached document.\n\nPlease be advised I and/or SOLUTION DEVELOPMENT & INTEGRATION CORP. do not communicate with unsigned paper or other unsigned inanimate objects.  If I, or anyone, has lead you to believe that I am willing to attempt to communicate with unsigned paper and/or other unsigned inanimate objects, that would be a mistake. Please forgive me.\n\nIf I do not receive a response such as a new signed 'Notice of Pending Cancellation', or, a signed 'Notice of Mistake' for issuing the attached document if indeed it was a mistake by you or one of your agents within 30 days of the Date of this letter then I will understand that the attached document is possibly a forgery, and I will report it as such to the Postmaster General. \n\nI thank you for your appreciation of the seriousness of this matter and timely response.\n\nThat is the soft fluffy one.\n\nI need really critical, in my face comments regarding this. If any thing it seriously helps my writing and language skills.\nThanks to all who commented. :)",
   "created_time": "2013-08-06T16:24:56+0000"
 }
