 {
   "id": "682741885095080",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_682698088432793",
   "from_name": "Todd Black",
   "message": "First of all. I do not go to church. I did in the past, but something was never quite right. I taught Sunday school for 11yrs. I've read the entire Bible thru at least 13 times, plus endless hours spent studying individual subjects in it. I have never been one to except anything as absolute Truth, I have always searched out both sides of a matter and even then I keep my mind open. I'm not afraid of being right on any given subject, and I'm absolutely not afraid of admitting when I'm wrong. I believe because of this thought process and not being afraid to challenge the status quo that I often saw hypocrisy within the institutionalized church and blatant lies being taught. And to answer your question. Why do I believe this way? All I can say is. I've walked many paths. I've tried virtually every know drug to mankind. My life was spinning out of control. I knew there had to be more to life than sex, drugs and rock and roll. My best friend at the time, who drank like a fish and shot up coke got married and his wife started going to church and she badgered him until he started going. One Sunday he gave his life to Christ and from that day forward he didn't have the urge, the desire to be controlled by any substance, that was 26 yrs. ago. I thought he had lost his mind, actually I didn't know what to think, all I knew was he had literally changed overnight. He had a peace about him that I couldn't explain, but it was real as far as I could tell, he started badgering me about coming to church and I kept telling him no and making up every excuse I could think of. Being my best friend I just wanted to get him off my back, so I gave in and told him yes. The night before church I went out with the guys and partied big time, we drank, got stoned and snorted crank till three in the morning. I went to church the next day and during the sermon something came over me that I can't explain. I told myself if what my friend had was real I wanted it. I went forward and gave my life to Christ. My life miraculously changed. I no longer had any desire for drugs. I used to swear like a sailor and without even consciously thinking about it I just quite swearing. My dad starting training me in the martial arts when I was 5. I had a very violent temper and knew how to handle myself. Three months into my junior year of high school I put a kid in the hospital and another kid and I literally tore the lunch room to pieces in another fight. I was expelled from school and was told if I was ever caught on the school grounds again I would be arrested and thrown in jail. My temper subsided virtually overnight. I apologize for this long drawn out answer. I know it sounds crazy, but I really don't know how to answer your question any other way. I have contentment in my life about most everything. I've been with the same woman for 29 yrs. now. All I ask is that you put with me, please. I will never ever try to push my beliefs on anyone. My beliefs are mine alone and my burden to bear.",
   "created_time": "2014-06-18T17:19:21+0000"
 }
