 {
   "id": "462493170453287_851891474846786",
   "created_time": "2015-07-08T03:39:15+0000",
   "updated_time": "2015-07-26T19:11:52+0000",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "from_id": "927379467328526",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "Prelude to 2016 - Ugly Trends\n\nAs I near the end of my tenure in the public eye (such as it has been), I'm entering a new phase of my life where all past obligations are gone.  I have used THE TENDER FOR LAW to effectively give you, and the rest of the world, a whole shit-load of NOTICE.  \n\nThree years is a long time, and many incredible things have happened; and it's all unfolding in different perspectives depending on how long you're known me.  People who have known me for decades are screaming, \"How the fuck could he have known?\"  Of those people, the farther they are away from computer science, the more likely they are to reach for the \"lucky guess\" option.  Others will try to make it seem as though I was somehow \"less right\"; or my personal favorite, \"You were right...so what?\"  The thing is that if you are having this quandary in your empty little head, it means there has already been a discussion, and you don't get to back-peddle, and say I was sort-of right; and in these coming days I will be expecting all of you to step-the-fuck-up when needed.\n\nThe Law Society is most frightened of the coming of 2016.  This is when I start selling my debts.  Like the Chinese buying trillions of dollars of worthless US debt, I have literally hundreds of people who owe everything that they are, and have, to me.  The price I exact in exchange is always a small one.  What is, or will be asked, may seem nothing to you - but it's everything to me - or I wouldn't have shown you how to get everything you wanted.  There are a disturbing number of people who think that they can diminish my role now that the debt is coming due, claiming to have \"done all the work\", and completely ignoring the fact that they would be no farther ahead without me.  Without me they would never have known the life they have now.\n\nIt's the strangest thing, but throughout my life I've encountered countless people who think it's acceptable to do these very things; but as I've also noticed, I'm prepared either way.  You just have farther to fall.  \n\nTo those who owe me a debt that I did not CONSENT to, you have until the end of the year to make reparations.  After that I shall sell the debt to any number of the aforementioned people who have become very rich using what I have taught them.  They are going to want to collect off of you, and when they do, remember - it's all \"perfectly LEGAL\".  \"There is a court order\", and they're \"just doing their jobs\", no matter how loud you may scream.  \n\nIn 2016 I go from privateer to pirate, and so do all my ships.  Guess what...we've prepared for that too.  Thereafter, I'll still be available.  I'll have to be.  I'll be providing a planetary-scale example of AGENCY.  Like the conductor of an orchestra I'm not playing any of the instruments.  I'm not making any noise, but you're not doing any of these things until I say so; and you will do them as, and how, I say.  \n\nI have demonstrated in the public eye what I am capable of, and if you look carefully you'll see I showed you how to do the same thing. I don't hoard power, I make sure everybody has it.  I've given you all you need to construct lifeboats for what is to come, and I'm off to build my \"Rocket to Utopia\".  \n\nTo those not paying attention, that was a 'Doctor Who' reference mocking the police.  This past year seeds were planted and companies sprung to life, all managed through AGENCY.  You couldn't connect me to them if you tried, but now I need more people using the new technology so I can blend in.  I need some plausible deniability, and a monopoly on knowledge does not serve me.  The 'war on wrong' is being waged on all fronts.  With each passing day, fewer and fewer of my first wave pioneers are calling me for direction.  They know what they're doing, and they know why they're doing it.  In fact I'm sure the last two queries were just some misguided attempt to make me feel relevant.  What I have given them consumes their life, so it is beyond their comprehension that I could be, and know, so much more.  I just smile and say, \"You've got your scales wrong\".  \n\nThose are my successes, but I have plenty of failures as well.  Whether not moving fast enough to keep up, or simply loving bullshit too much, the cause is irrelevant; and all of you are the same.  It's like there's some other teacher out there, telling you how to square it in your empty, little, heads.  You'll rationalize it with, \"I didn't waste his time; he wasted MY time\".  All of you say exactly the same thing, and if that's really how you want to rationalize it - that way, to protect whatever bullshit you love so much - then remember this public statement.  No matter what happens, you will never have moved one inch farther than the point at which I left you.  Then you can join the masses who say, \"There is no way he could possibly have known\", or \"It's just a lucky guess\"; but it won't protect you from what's coming.  I am still going to change everything!  Why do I know this with such certainty?\n\n...because I did all the work when everybody thought I was wasting my life - so much work that government plebes can't find it all. \n\nUnfortunately 2016 is also when people start taking me seriously, and that's all right too, because I'm already done \"building\".  Now the world is my playground, and if you see me playing in my sandbox, stay the fuck AWAY!  For, according to government \"intelligence\" I'm a \"mentally-ill computer operator\".  This suits me just fine.  I love the \"mental illness\" designation.  You see, that designation is a LEGAL designation.  No doctor has the AUTHORITY to declare you LEGALLY insane.  In fact, doctors only issue to the courts, opinions and recommendations; and here's the fun part.  \n\nIt all starts in the early days of C.P.I.C.  There are some technical terms I'm about to use here, and Wikipedia entries will be at the bottom.  Shortly after the Charter was enacted, rules were set for how \"criminal records\" were to be entered and/or stored.  So today's technical word that you're learning is \"schema\", a term you will hear often in conjunction with RELATIONAL DATABASES.  The combination of an application and a well-constructed schema, allows you to implement RULES for how the data is managed after it is created.  This means a designation such as \"mentally ill\" can have certain instructions attached to it.  This one has a very simple one; once you turn it on, you cannot turn it off.  This will make a notation on all \"criminal records\", and a set of three alerting asterisks bracketing the words, ***CONDITION: MENTALLY ILL***.  The reason I mention this is that it must appear in any DISCLOSURE.  The Crown is obligated by law to produce any exculpatory evidence, and a police record with \"CONDITION: MENTALLY ILL\" on it, means there is evidence I am not criminally accountable for my actions.  In fact, the reason it's in the Crown disclosure package in the first place, is to make it a FACT IN EVIDENCE - which it becomes when you ACCEPT the DISCLOSURE.  \n\n...I digress.\n\nThe point here is that, once you flip on the mentally-ill label, the very nature of how the data is stored negates the possibility of removing it.  In fact, all records of all police departments in CANADA, use the same standardized system - and it's hysterical.  Some clever entrepreneur knew that there was no better place to leverage ignorance than the public sector, and this \"guy\" manged to sell every surplus NeXT computer every built...and that piece-of-crap formed the backbone of police \"intelligence\" from 1990 onward.  I actually ACCEPTED an ARREST WARRANT in the WebCapades v. Duncan case, to get an idea of what they'd replaced it with.  This is why GOVERNMENT doesn't like me wandering around their buildings.  It takes me about ten minutes of casual observation to identify how every piece of technology works.  In short, around me, you've got no secrets to tell.  WebCapades v. Duncan was 2003.  I failed to ponder the Herculean ineptitude in play.  The stupid Gomer behind the counter was cursing because his early 90's NeXT station wasn't performing to manufacturer's specifications.  I kicked myself for a month.  A perfectly flawless reconnaissance presents real-world evidence that I have vastly overestimated my opponent.  It's a lesson none of us seem to learn.  We all have these interactions with LAW and GOVERNMENT thinking that just beyond the next supervisor, is somebody who actually has an idea what's going on, and this is not the case.  The DEPUTY DIRECTOR for the ATTORNEY GENERAL is only different from the douche at the counter at the ATTORNEY GENERAL's OFFICE in that one has maneuvered himself into a powerful position - the other has not.  So if you're looking for that smart government supervisor who understands all the issues, you're never going to find them.  People work for the GOVERNMENT (especially the ATTORNEY GENERAL) because they're not wanted in the real world.  Walk into any part of government service, any part, and I guarantee that there are at least three people related to one another there.  In these progressive days, their first language is from a country that speaks neither English nor French.  It's more diverse cronyism and nepotism; but they're all parasites.  Some of them know they're parasites and will make concerted effort to ensure the host isn't damaged too much, but in 2015 virtually every government worker thinks they have more rights than you do; and they think they own you, and that it's their \"LEGAL RIGHT\" to kidnap/harm/rob/murder you.  \n\nMy grandfather warned me about police states.  When he was explaining it to me, he was mostly concerned that I memorize the information for reference later.  I was thirteen and I didn't have much focus.  I was still young enough to answer my questions with, \"I need to learn more\".  I've always learned the most from finding the things that people who claim to have my best interests at heart, didn't want me to know.  Here's the thing about not being criminally accountable for your actions (which I was at thirteen).  It's very difficult to give up when the passage of some arbitrary date occurs.  Why did I go from the superior title of 'Master' to the subordinate title of 'Mister'?  Who made that decision?  It is dangerous questions such as this, that guided my entire course through life.  \n\nSo if you're fortunate enough to be \"mentally ill\", just remember it's the LEGAL NAME they're DECLARING mentally ill - not you.  This means you immediately CLAIM the RIGHT to ACT as AGENT for this \"mentally ill magic parchment\".  You can explain to the COURT how \"there's plenty of 'tards out there living really kick-ass lives\"; because if mental illness is a FACT in LAW, then it is FRAUD to attach SURETY.  The two things the COURTS MUST RECOGNIZE are MISTAKE, and FRAUD.  NOTICE OF FRAUD works exactly the same way as NOTICE OF MISTAKE, only instead of MISTAKE, it's FRAUD.  See how that works?  If FRAUD is on the RECORD, you cannot CONVICT.  FRAUD on the RECORD is, by it's very nature, REASONABLE DOUBT.  It is not reasonable to FORGIVE FRAUD.  The onus is always on you to show why you should not forgive MISTAKE.  The COURT is bound by this as well.  But the onus is completely reversed as regards FRAUD.  You are under no obligation to forgive FRAUD, and the onus is on the COURT to disprove FRAUD.  \n\nOne of the oldest tactics that the GOVERNMENT uses, they learned from the piece-of-shit Christians.  If you question authority, they call you 'crazy'.  So let them.  They are trying to diminish the value of the SECURITY in order to 'reclassify' you; except if you're smart you've already LIENED your name as recommended by \"Dan-Lien-Your-Name-Wilson\".  So not only is this SECURITY 'mentally ill', it's got a multi-million dollar LIEN on it.  There's not much equity we had here, and anyone who has LIENED their name, is by their very nature, going to put up a fight.  NOTICE OF MISTAKE is a passive resistance to the psychopaths in 'Thunder Dome', and those wanting to up-their-game in COURT can take their understanding of NOTICE OF MISTAKE and duplicate it with NOTICE OF FRAUD; let's see how this is handled when the BURDEN OF PROOF is on the COURT.  \n\nI hope this is a nice piece of civil disruption for you.  It's also where we're introducing what will become your greatest weapon - the 'Civil Disruption' domain.  It has been standing, waiting, since the late 90's: cdd.com.\n\ncdd.com won't do much at first.  It'll provide a few static pages and a few routing tools you won't understand.  It will, however, possess something that those who have been following WILL understand.  The Civil Disruption Domain will host a Diaspora Pod.  Some of you have been paying attention, and are lurking on Diaspora (don't think I don't see you).  Others forgot all about it.  Meanwhile a whole bunch of goodies have been developed in the back end, including, but not limited to, Diaspora wallets, Diaspora markets, Diaspora IPV6 gateways; and of course, for those on the Civil Disruption Domain, there will be their own personalized I2P Domain.  It is with the deepest, heaviest heart that I regret to tell you that \"Dan-Lien-Your-Name-Wilson.cdd.com\" is reserved so you can't use that one.  We're looking at a launch date in August, and here's the part that really makes me grit my teeth: only TENDER FOR LAW members can join!  I only need this site running for a year.  By then I2P addresses will be saturated and cdd.com will belong to everyone.  That's a blurry map for things to come.  After 2016 I am a hundred percent dependent on my fleet.  Many of the crew really resent how right I am, and have a lot of pent-up anger they wish to vent.  I cannot wait to leverage this resource.  In the meantime, pay attention to the technology I'm pointing you to, because these are just the real-world examples you can see.  If we're going to build a banking system that will collapse the current one, we need to make a system that's hard for them, but easy for us.  This will be my Alpha test of this plan.  That's right, I fully expect cdd.com to fail, because I'm giving it to you for free.  And, if I give you something for free in COMMERCE (that's what .com means), then you should know by now that it's free because you are the product.  Do what you will with the BENEFITS.  I just need people using it for the time that I'm using it.  My traffic needs to blend in with yours at this \"gateway\".  On the other side of that gateway you are completely anonymous and undetectable, unless you choose otherwise.  Everything you see on the internet today, we are going to build there.  We're constructing in his manner to control the infiltrators.  Once cdd.com is open enough for infiltrators to slip in, those of you who were here first will be able to spot them and remove their anonymity.  The internet will be \"policed\" by its users.  \n\nI learned a lesson a long time ago that Ellen Pao never learned.  A community is not a user base.  Community grows and forms.  We are going to grow and form a community based on knowledge.  We are going to give you choice again.  We are going to take the power out of the hands of the few, and we're going to give that power to you.  Personally I don't think you deserve it.  I think you should be the caged, regulated slaves the GOVERNMENT says you should be.  And that's an opinion that's worth more than any SUPREME COURT OPINION - and it's all irrelevant, because I will die knowing I kept my oaths, even to those not worthy of those oaths.  As my half century mark approaches, my only regret is all the magnificent work I did for all the wrong people.  The only way I'll ever overcome that regret is to create something even more magnificent.  What's coming is going to dwarf anything I've ever done before.  The best part is, even when I've slayed it all out in front of everyone, there's still nothing you can do to stop me; because I've created more debt than the GOVERNMENT ever stole from me.  \n\nAt this point in my life there are fourteen people who know I'm responsible for everything they have.  These are people that would take a bullet for me, and have said so; and they still know to this day that what I ask of them will be trivial.  A leap of faith, as it were, to you my debtors I say, \"What I ask of you will be nothing to you\", but at the time I ask it, it will be EVERYTHING to me.  \n\nIt doesn't matter if you understand how, just pay your debt.\n\nIt's 2015...WE ARE COMING!\n\nMentioned:\nhttp://www.cpic-cipc.ca/index-eng.htm\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Database_schema",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
