 {
   "id": "462493170453287_741511702551431",
   "created_time": "2014-11-01T23:55:33+0000",
   "updated_time": "2014-11-03T03:20:28+0000",
   "from_name": "Pete Daoust",
   "from_id": "1.02017712542701E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "AFFIRMATION \n\nI, being the Sole Authorized Administrator for the legal person named PIERRE DAOUST, a person with the registration number 11966XXXXXXXX, affirm the following. \n\nOn or about October 28, 2014, at 8: 20AM, a patrol car Police of Terrebonne, its lights flashing lights behind the car in which I am. \n\nSince we are on Highway 40, in Repentigny, I do not feel concerned by the patrol car, because I'm not a criminal, and no crime has been committed. \n\nA few seconds later, I begin to understand that this patrol car wants me to pull on the side, but I am committed to the Charles de Gaules bridge, which connects Repentiny and Montreal, and I think it would be safer for me to park on the other side of the bridge. \n\nThe policeman, and / or tax collector, and / or creator of public debt approaching with a firearm on him, is very aggressive and asked me to give him the name of the legal person that I have. I refuse to GIVE him, because it is mine, and I do not want to enter into business relations with the police and / or collector of taxes, and / or creator of public debt, since no crime was committed on my part. \n\nHe decides to kidnap me and put me and put some chains on my wrists, and bring  me in a cage, and all the time I was in kidnapping  mode by him and his partners kidnappers, they absolutely wanted me me to  identify as a LEGAL PERSON, I categorically refused, and at this point, all I ask is the surety of the PERSON \n\nThe police and / or tax collector, and / or creator of public debt, claim that I am REQUIRED to cooperate, but the definition of cooperate says exactly the opposite, \n\ncooperate: \nAction method by which individuals or families with common interests is a business where the rights of all are equal and where the profit is distributed among the only partners in proportion to their participation in the associative activity. \n\nWho can force me to go into business with him / her? \n\nThe police and / or tax collector, and / or creator of public debts, tells me that not only will they violate my right to the surety of the person, but the JUDGE will do the same. \n\nIndeed, they were right, they carry me to the courthouse in St-Jerome, and in no time I could not make my right to the surety of the  person in this place, I was treated like a slave and that until I identify myself as a legal person, a stranger to even take the right to enter a plea of non-guilty for my person, which seems to me quite fraudulent, everything I wanted, is that you can point me where was the  surety of my person, so that we can generate $ 150,000.00 to provide a reasonable defense for my person, that is MY right, under Article 1 of the charter of Rights and freedoms of Quebec. \n\nI spent more than 32 hours in captivity, and I had no choice but to identify myself as a legal person and / or fictitious, and / or legal status in this place, yet it is a lie, and it is cLEARLY written in the Charter of rights and Freedoms of Quebec. \n\nCHAPTER I \nFUNDAMENTAL RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS \n\nEvery human being has the right to life, as the surety, integrity and liberty of His person. \nIt also posesses legal personality. \n\npossession: \n1. Have to self, have a master of (something), and can benefit and enjoyment. \n\nSo the truth is clear and unambiguous: \nI have a person, and I am entitled to the SURETY of this legal person. \n\nSo I'm Pierre, and / or Gilles, and / or Joseph, the three names were given to me at my birth, and I can only understand that I am the only Authorized Administrator for the legal person named  PIERRE DAOUST with the number registration 11966XXXXXXXX. \n\nAnd no one has the authority to attach the name derived from a public document to me. \n\nAppendix A: Notice of absence \nAppendix B: Proof of security of person (Birth Certificate) \n\nI'm not one of those stupid sovereign citizen (besides the two words can not even go together) and I'm not one of those stupid freeman on the land, I have no spiritual belief, and no religious belief any. \n\nI want to OBEY the law, for all must obey the law, and that no one is above the law, and the law begins with the Charter of Rights and Freedoms of Quebec. \n\nI am only a man, and I have a person, and all I can really do is administrate that person.  And I am NOT surety for that person.\n\nBY: ______________________ \nSole Authorized Administrator \nAll Rights Reserved / No Prejudice",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
