 {
   "id": "462493170453287_501591463210124",
   "created_time": "2013-04-10T22:20:39+0000",
   "updated_time": "2014-01-07T17:23:49+0000",
   "from_name": "Derek Moran",
   "from_id": "1.01539996628005E+016",
   "to_name": "[{u'id': u'462493170453287', u'name': u'THE TENDER FOR LAW', u'privacy': u'OPEN'}]",
   "message": "the DOCUMENT OF TITLE- thread.....\n\n(Barron's Law Dictionary 3rd-edition, 1991) DOCUMENT OF TITLE: a BILL OF LADING, dock WARRANT, warehouse RECEIPT, or order for the DELIVERY of GOODS, or any other document which in the regular course of business or financing is treated as adequate EVIDENCE that the PERSON in POSSESSION of it is ENTITLED to RECEIVE, hold, and DISPOSE of the document and the goods it covers.\n\n(Dictionary of Canadian Law, 3rd-edition) DOCUMENT OF TITLE: 1. Includes any bill of lading, dock warrant, warehousekeeper's certificate and warrant or order for the delivery of goods and any other document used in the ordinary course of business as proof of the possession or control of goods, or authorizing or purporting to authorize, either by endorsement or by delivery (sounds like a CHEQUE you would bring to the bank), the possessor of the document to TRANSFER or RECEIVE goods thereby represented 2. any writing that purports to be issued by or addressed to a BAILEE and purports to cover such goods in the bailee's possession as are identified or FUNGIBLE portions of an identified mass, and that in the ordinary course of business is treated as establishing that the person in possession of it is entitled to receive, hold and dispose of the document and the goods it covers. Personal Property Security Act.\n\n(Black's Law 8th-edition) DOCUMENT OF TITLE: a written description, identification, or declaration of goods authorizing the holder (usually a BAILEE) to receive, hold, and dispose of the document and the goods it covers. See BAILMENT. Carriers. Warehousemen. Safe Depositaries.\n   NEGOTIABLE DOCUMENT OF TITLE: a document of title that actually stands for the goods it covers, so that any transfer of the goods requires a surrender of the document. See Bills and Notes; Letters of Credit.\n   NONNEGOTIABLE DOCUMENT OF TITLE: a document of title that merely serves as evidence of the goods it covers.\n\nDOCK WARRANT (Dictionary of Canadian Law): a document resembling a bill of lading and issued by a dock owner or dock company authorizing delivery of certain goods to a named person or to that person's ASSIGNS by ENDORSEMENT.\n\nDOCK WARRANT (Black's Law 8th): See DOCK RECEIPT.\nDOCK RECEIPT: Maritime Law. an INTERIM document issued by a maritime carrier to evidence the delivery of goods at the dock. Generally, a dock receipt ENTITLES the designated person to receive a bill of lading, waybill, or other transport document. Also termed dock warrant. See DOCUMENT OF TITLE.\n\nINTERIM: In the meantime; for the time being; not permanent or final; temporary or provisional.\n\nINTERIM RECEIPT: the written acknowledgment of a premium paid on an insurance policy that is pending final approval.\n\nINTERIM TRUSTEE: a BANKRUPTCY trustee appointed to perform all the functions and DUTIES of a trustee until the regular trustee is selected and qualified. Before the meeting of creditors, the interim trustee often preliminarily investigates the debtor's assets and financial affairs.\n\nTRUSTEE IN BANKRUPTCY (Dictionary of Canadian Law): the person in whom a bankrupt's property is vested in trust for creditors. \n\nBANKRUPTCY TRUSTEE (Barron's Law): refers to the person who takes LEGAL TITLE to the property of the debtor and holds it \"in trust\" for equitable distribution among the creditors. In most districts, the trustee is appointed by the bankruptcy judge or selected by the creditors and approved by the judge. In a limited number of \"pilot districts,\" a United States (Canadian) trustee, appointed by the Attorney General (our Registrar General/Receiver General?), served as or supervised the trustee.\n\nLEGAL TITLE (Black's Law 8th): a title that evidences apparent ownership but does not necessarily signify full and complete title or a BENEFICIAL INTEREST.  Before 1536, a legal title was enforceable only in a court of law, not chancery.\n\nEQUITABLE TITLE: a title that indicates a beneficial interest in property and that gives the holder the RIGHT to acquire formal legal title. Before 1536, an equitable title was enforceable only in a court of chancery, not of law.",
   "link": "",
   "name": "",
   "caption": "",
   "description": "",
   "source": "",
   "type": "status",
   "place": "None"
 }
