 {
   "id": "897410223628244",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_896931020342831",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Eamonn O Brien, I'm sure you're probably annoyed by all this, but since you have attracted the attention of the Quatlosers, let me give you a little primer.\n\nThese are LAW SOCIETY scum who pretend to be \"exposing FRAUD\".  If you want an organization that exposes fraud, look for anything Ralph Nader has touched, or look to the James Randi Educational Foundation (JREF) - they actually put their money where their mouth is.  It may be my \"ego\" or \"God complex\" but I like to think that I've taught all of you how to read LAW SOCIETY \"weasel speak\".  \n\nNotice in this particular link it's not Eamonn that is mentioned, it is me.  Then there's a short description of how bad/wrong I am, followed by a disclaimer about how they haven't actually looked into anything.  Think about that.  If they haven't looked into anything, why is Max giggling about a name they have made up?  It's not really that hard to \"look into\" what I \"believe\", by reading THE TENDER FOR LAW.  Notice the Herculean effort written as a preamble to diminish what I've taught you.  It can't be \"right\"?  You must be mindless followers...and that's the thing.  You all know it's not true.\n\nThose who seek mindless followers certainly do not encourage critical thinking; and neither do people \"selling\" beliefs. ANY BELIEFS.  That's the goal of this whole preamble - to focus on belief and to ignore reality.  The entire thread that follows is a collection of questions based on presumption and belief.  That's what you get from LAW SOCIETY scum.  The last thing they want is to trigger the Streisand Effect.  \n\nWith a few hours on Google, it doesn't take much to find that I have infrastructure all over the world, and that it has been there a very long time.  My only public presence is right here, on Facebook; and the only place I currently write is also here on Facebook.  Yet, I have infrastructure all over the world.  All that and no public presence...what's it for?  Oh that's right, I used it to build a banking network.\n\nMoney is slowly, but surely, being replaced; with LEGAL infrastructure not far behind.  The more ignorant, or aged members of the LAW SOCIETY, will very quickly slap the \"crazy\" label on me, and will not give it another thought.  Those kind aren't a threat to me.  People with specific intent to write about MY intent, in a diminished capacity, want you to have a presumption.  I point out reality.  Reality and presumption don't mix.  This preamble isn't for you, or for the \"walk-in\" traffic, this is for lawyers.  They don't want the lawyers thinking this is anything worth looking at.  Such tactics are expensive, time-consuming, and are short-lived to be sure.  I wonder why he didn't mention Illuminati or my Navy.  You'd think that anybody trying to slap the \"crazy\" label on me would open with those.  \n\nI'm not a fan of smear campaigns, but I am a fan of telling the truth.  The ethics of the Quatlosers is a little more fluid; so be sure to do screen grabs.  As for the \"influence\" that I have, please keep in mind that this is part of a lifetime's work, so I know what I'm talking about here; I only need to \"influence\" sixteen people.  That's it.  Sixteen.  So far I have failed.  Pete's about as close as you come, and he's already attracting an uncomfortable amount of attention.  The more astute of the LAW SOCIETY scum, reading what the Quatlosers are saying, will be looking more closely.  \n\nRemember what I said.  Any ATTORNEY GENERAL or LAW SOCIETY scum who claims that they don't know who Scott Duncan is, IS LYING TO YOU, or are too old and/or unaware.  Those are the only two options.  If it's LAW SOCIETY scum with a Queen's Council designation (QC), and they claim to not know the name Scott Duncan, they are LYING, or just too fucking old.  If they are ATTORNEY GENERAL or LAW SOCIETY scum, and they stepped into a court after 1996, they know the name, Scott Duncan.  \n\nI still remember JUSTICE NORDHEIMMER's look of disapproval and amusement as I played the poor, poor, Pro Se Defendant, for the fourth time in front of him.  If this is me with \"little\" influence one might consider it a terrifying thought that the time is rapidly approaching when I no longer have to abide by agreed upon...restrictions.  \n\nAll this in an effort to publicly shame Eamonn, because he dared ask questions and to do what is right.  Only LAW SOCIETY scum would ridicule such a thing.  These pieces-of-shit are the first of many to come, Eamonn; for if in their discussion \"for their amusement\" they are trying to infer and/or imply that you have lost your faculties, then they are publicly admitting they are ridiculing the mentally infirm.  Let that sink in.  I have no \"influence\", and you're deluded brain-washed cult members who have lost control of their faculties - and they're going to stop their noble fight against FRAUD to ridicule the brain-damage I've inflicted on you.  You must be mentally ill, and they love ridiculing the mentally ill.  They said it themselves.  They're doing it for their \"amusement\".  This is the public face of LAW SOCIETY scum.  They are far worse when they think nobody's looking.",
   "created_time": "2015-10-30T02:13:42+0000"
 }
