 {
   "id": "897597940276139",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_896931020342831",
   "from_name": "Tara Duncan",
   "message": "People usually learn their first language by having others speak to them in that language.  By inference and association we begin to navigate our way around the language.  This word, or group of words, produces this result.  Some things are instinct.  Others are learned.\n\nWe have always made the point that people whose first language is other than English have a natural advantage in truly learning what English words mean.  Why is that, though?\n\nFirst non-English speakers have to find the definitions for all the words as they have no existing frame of reference.  They also have little or no experience with the cause/effect of using certain words; hence they can't automatically insert a word into a sentence randomly because it normally is used in this context.  If they are highly motivated to acquire information being offered in English, they make a greater effort because 1) They want to be able to assimilate the information, and 2) After a time they are ridiculed, or left behind, if they consistently fail to grasp the meanings.\n\nAnd yes, while the native English speakers among you can lament it is easier for non-native speakers to learn this information, you should also know that your arrogance, laziness and apathy are what is holding you back.  If successful, the newcomers will have learned all the information being offered, as well as having properly learned a second (or third, or fourth) language.\n\nFor the last three years everyone has had access to the same information.  I have personally tried to illustrate the importance of being able to speak/write at least one language properly, and frankly I have been repeatedly shit on by virtually everyone who has even bothered to read what I write.  Most of you will notice that the non-native English speakers are the people who normally read what I write.\n\nI say again, the non-English speakers in this group have been relatively successful in understanding new information AND learning a completely new language.  Anyone who considers this an advantage overall, and complains about it, is just looking for yet another reason why they can excuse themselves for failing, and will only attract my unwavering contempt.",
   "created_time": "2015-10-30T16:13:24+0000"
 }
