 {
   "id": "897410613628205",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_896931020342831",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "With the exception of Steve Krupnik, every single LAW SOCIETY member that I ever knew, thought disturbingly similarly to my father, that my \"head was in the clouds\", and that what I discussed was Science Fiction and fantasy.  Five years later they see that I got it exactly right.  This means I had tiny cameras and recorders five years ahead of the rest of you.  While you were still recording to tape, I was recording to hard drives over networks.  Those unfortunate lawyers who attracted my attention know this lesson all too well.  \n\nWhen you first saw THE TENDER FOR LAW, what I described seemed like Science Fiction, like my head was \"in the clouds\", only I showed you step-by-step how to accomplish what I was saying.  I know this because I did this with lawyers.  Steve Krupnik was the lawyer I did it with, where there were witnesses and lots, and lots, and lots, and lots of recordings - both audio and video.  I have so much that I am currently not allowed to use.  When the Quatlosers read this, they can go back and inform their LAW SOCIETY handlers, because in 2016 I am going to be using what I have acquired over the past twenty years, to rip the lives of lawyers apart.  For each action a LAW SOCIETY scum member does against me, another LAW SOCIETY member pays the price.  \n\nBe advised that every lawyer that has engaged me, did so OF THEIR OWN FREE WILL, and all were cautioned.  Anything a LAW SOCIETY member says to and/or about me, will be used against them.  You may consider that your caution as well.  I keep the secrets I choose to keep, and I have no fealty to the LAW SOCIETY.  \n\nSpeaking of which, as the LAW SOCIETY clearly endorses the behaviour of ridiculing the mentally infirm for their amusement, I shall henceforth presume that is the LAW SOCIETY's official position.  When I start quoting this as the LAW SOCIETY's official position, people will demand substantiation for such an outrageous claim.  That will lead them to Quatloos and/or here.  Since I have already instructed everyone to take screen captures, there's no cost to me when I suggest that a little self-censorship might serve the LAW SOCIETY's needs in the long run.  \n\nEamonn, it offends me on levels you don't even understand, that they're attempting to belittle your efforts.  They know you can't un-learn what I teach, but they'll always try.  They always try through AGENCY, and the beauty is they can keep it \"in house\".  LAW SOCIETY scum like those at Quatloos, and the likes of Dan Lien-Your-Name Wilson, are expendable, and their leash-holders will happily throw them under the bus to save their own asses.  The Quatlosers should be aware of this when they choose to engage me, or anyone who TRUSTS me.  Lead, follow, or get out of the way!  Notice how the agent for the LAW SOCIETY labelled an identifiable group as mentally ill, and ridiculed them as their example of \"leading\".  \n\nIn the past three years I promised to tell you the truth.  These truths are self-evident.  These truths are dangerous.  These truths target the very core of your beliefs and identity.  Keep in mind that a doctor cannot declare anyone LEGALLY insane, but LAW SOCIETY scum can.  In fact that's the only way to be declared LEGALLY INSANE.  They only need someone with a license to say it's true; and they keep making up shit as they go along.  Before Rain Man, no one had heard the words autism/autistic.  Now any kid that doesn't pay attention is considered \"autistic\".  That's what happens when you declare made-up bullshit to be true; the connections you DON'T see are what inevitably comes, because now made-up shit makes it look as though there's an autism epidemic.  A cum-slut from Playboy led an army of anti-vaxxers to \"liberate\" measles and polio.  That's what happens when things that are true, and things that are LEGALLY true, diverge.  Here in the real world, these things kill people.  \n\nSo go ahead, Quatlosers, ridicule the \"crazy\" and \"mentally infirm\", because that amusement comes at a price; and it won't be me you're paying the debt to.  It will come from your LAW SOCIETY handlers.  Those in the upper echelons of LAW SOCIETY scum, will find this scenario eerily familiar.  You see, the Quatlosers won't pay the price immediately.  Their leash-holders will even encourage them.  They'll be the LAW SOCIETY's \"Canary in the mine\"; but already, steps are in motion to limit the LAW SOCIETY's exposure.  Like white blood cells attacking bacteria \"challenges\" will start to appear professionally.  Unrelated LAW SOCIETY activities won't seem to go your way.  Suddenly a JUSTICE will rule that you're not entitled to costs at an alarmingly more frequent rate than it has been in the past, all the while you get to act as the plausibly deniable lightening rod for the shit storm you are clearly begging for.  Make no mistake, ridiculing myself and these people for your \"amusement\" comes at a price, and I'm not the one who's going to be sending the bill.  It's all about SURETY and ACCOUNTING, remember.",
   "created_time": "2015-10-30T02:16:27+0000"
 }
