 {
   "id": "554770711225532",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_546465215389415",
   "from_name": "Fred Palmer",
   "message": "I have never appealed. I told them what I needed, what my injuries were, and asked for help in the form they offered. 75% of my gross wages, and medical care for those injuries. This includes right now immediately a prescription for marijuana to be self administered in the dosages I deem necessary to remain calm and somewhat pain free. Massage therapy, hydrotherapy, and my Drivers licence back I have never relinquished the care and maintenance of this body to anyone or anything but me. As it was a Railway that injured me, this applies to anywhere in Canada, we are automatically entitled to 100% of lost wages, 100% of pain and suffering (set at $1,000,0000). And all benefits intact until retirement including CPP and company pension.  That is what I have been entitled to automatically under former and current law, including the FELA legislation and, I was a good honest decent hardworking man who was sober and healthy. Algoma Central Railway and WSIB/WCB have both conspired to deny me those benefits by offering me a settlement in the form of 75% of my lost wages tax free while I was off work from my injuries and medical care for those injuries. I receive neither, never have except to the point of them considering me totally disabled from employment. no appeals necessary or warranted. I was totally disabled from employment and still am. Economic duress, physical duress, mental and emotional duress, is inflicted on me daily. I do have a cognitive deficit from the brain injury, which was compounded by being subjected to  frivolous and vexatious psychologically damaging appeals processes. I still am being tortured.  My only real defence is my honesty.",
   "created_time": "2013-08-31T00:28:33+0000"
 }
