 {
   "id": "906451849390748",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_906118939424039",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Yes it's a program. I arrogantly BELIEVED that knowing the truth would make lies intolerable and repugnant to you. It seems to be all the same to you people. I THOUGHT I was deprogramming you, but as soon as we face the law society, or their proxies, there's nothing. Dead silence.\n\nI can teach you MANY things, but this, I can't. I don't know a mind where lies are OK. It's alien to me. You are shown the truth, and will even pay some lip-service to it, but lies seem to have equal status in your heads. People make a living, telling lies. It doesn't even matter if they are GOOD lies, they still get paid. This is a thing because as a bunch of raindrops, lies are OK with you, and you are silent about it, because it doesn't actually bother you. THAT SCARES ME. I can't fix that.\n\nI'm never happy when people thank me. I actually want to smack them. I REALLY resent all your empty thanks.\n\nThose who ACTUALLY apply what they have learned are thanking me. Those who help with my strange side-projects like ROGUE SUPPORT: Battlefield 2142 Resurrection are thanking me, but all of that credit you have vanishes when lies are spread and you say NOTHING.\n\nIt means you approve of it, here in reality. That is the very REAL result. Your actions alter reality, but so does your inaction. Silence is Acquiescence, remember?\n\nNo. No, I don't suppose you do. It's OK, isn't it?  Someone else will surely speak up, won't they?\n\nWhen you people \"thank\" me, I really resent it. You aren't qualified to \"thank\" me, and such \"thanks\" are hollow and offensive to me... and you don't even know it. You'll think they are sincere, and you will think I'm an asshole because I don't accept \"Muh Feels!\" as sincere thanks.\n\nTough shit. Reality doesn't care.",
   "created_time": "2015-11-23T21:55:28+0000"
 }
