 {
   "id": "692773030758632",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_690168484352420",
   "from_name": "Harry Wombat",
   "message": "My two cents since I've been given leave to speak freely:\n\nCENSORSHIP IN GENERAL: I'm not a fan of censorship either. In my mind it's evil. Most of us became worthless chimps without value, not necessarily because we are dumber than Scott, but because the info presented here was censored/kept out of school curriculums, and typical avenues of public discourse/disclosure.\n\nI even see some (although limited) value in \"shit stain\" threads as, at the very least, they can teach others what/ways not to think and post. If such posts are deleted, newbies are more prone to repeat the shit stain as there is no record of such thinking/comments being unacceptable. In this way, censorship and \"cleaning up shit stains\" creates conditions which seem to me to be diametrically opposed to the statements/goals pronounced within the group description - that is if admins/Scott TRULY desire to avoid \"keep typing the same answers over and over\"\n\nCENSORSHIP BY A NEWBIE: Other than teaching other newbies what not to say and what not to think, newbies have little value to add to this group. Any value they may have in the future depends on their ability to access member posts and learn from them. If they choose to ban a member of some reputation here, they loose out more than the group does as a whole, and they certainly inflict less damage to the group overall than the next scenario.\n\n[The following comments are based on 3 assumptions: 1. \"principal\" members held in higher esteem within the \"hierarchy\" are in fact expected to help Scott (and admins) teach. 2.You want newbies to learn. 3. Those who deliberately hinder the progress/ability of newbies to learn are an ENEMY of the group and their blocking newbies deliberately SABOTAGES Scott's stated goal to educate/inform and the ultimate goal of creating capable \"drones\" that will assist Scott in his overall machinations.]\n\nCENSORSHIP BY A \"PRINCIPAL\" MEMBER: If newbies are blocked by a \"principal\" members held in higher esteem within the \"hierarchy\" the newbie will certainly be \"left in the dark\", if not entirely derailed from the learning track. As there are only a handful of such members, if 3 or 4 of them engage in blocking a member, that member will likely never progress as they can't follow the flow of discussion and lose a significant amount of relevant talking points.This seems to be the most egregious type of censorship possible within this group as it causes THE GREATEST AMOUNT OF DAMAGE and COMPLETELY UNDERMINES Scott's authority. As mentioned, it purposefully SABOTAGES Scotts goal of teaching newbies. If this was my group I would inform \"principal\" members within the \"hierarchy\" that they will be banned if they arbitrarily and without authority assume the role of administrators. I would give them 1 reminder that Scott did not appoint them as an Admin to choose what other members may or may not see and learn from. \n\nFinally, if such a member complains that they have hurt feelings and/or don't like a newbie, or comments made by newbies A, B, or C (\"actually sort of funny\" in a pathetic sort of way), perhaps their status, importance, and value to the group should be reassessed. :)",
   "created_time": "2014-07-11T16:38:56+0000"
 }
