 {
   "id": "690371130998822",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_690168484352420",
   "from_name": "Dru Klotz",
   "message": "Since I joined, as a silent observer/pupil,The Tender For Law Admin has been akin to the dykes of New Orleans. Some would say that the dykes FAILED to restrain the water. I would say they functioned EXACTLY as most government funded projects do. To serve as the truth(though you really have to ignore all the PR attempting to portray as though it is in disarray). To affirm the fact that the current observed government function is to reveal how delusional and deserving of this current state of affairs most truly are. I view the water that came forth as the absolute truth. The truth is not always something you are prepared for, it isn't nice, and it will surely make you more than uncomfortable(to say the least).\nEmbrace the uncomfortable as it is evolutions manner for engaging thought, if you have the fortune of engaging said capacity.\nThe difference between the dykes and The Tender For Law Admin is that when the Admin allow the entrance of some \"believer\" or \"FreeDumber\", sure it invites some memories of my FREEDUMB days, but reality is quickly injected straight into my veins via the Admin and active contributors calling out and aiding in the continuing reeducation of us members. The reality being that the truth is expressed and conducted here at The Tender For Law group without all the bullshit PR, unlike FEMA and all those other acronym \"organizations\".\nI strive to give full value to all that is expressed within this group.\nI thank you ALL and I have full TRUST that the Admin will ban those that do contribute any lesson to be gained.\nThis group has been far more active and concise than any other I have observed. And so full of rhetoric and humour!\nI have much to learn and thank you ALL!",
   "created_time": "2014-07-06T13:57:00+0000"
 }
