 {
   "id": "602142086488394",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_599629496739653",
   "from_name": "Daniel J Wentz",
   "message": "No MISTER Lawrence. You are not worthy of \"Sir\".\n\n1: You were there for that year to witness and protect. You've none neither. You just leached off a lifelong friend of mine. You held open the door so police could violate Scott and Tara, and then respond with \"Nuttin I could doo\". You then threw fealty aside when told to muzzle a Nazi with an imaginary friend. You chose some stranger's \"free speech\" over the Admiral's request. \n\n2: You boarded our FLAGSHIP at Scott's VETO of the objections of Tara and myself, as the little coward that tagged along with you was supposedly going to file criminal charges when comparing transcripts to the recordings made in court. The little coward ran away instead, making your \"visit\" nothing but offensive.\n\n3: You and the \"Martin Sutton\" guy are part of WHY Scott and Tara left Facebook. Dean signing BAIL and lying about it was the last straw. You are all liars and cowards as far as I'm concerned.\n\nI am not speaking for Scott and Tara, I am speaking from the current AQUILAE mandate.\n\nYou are a liar, mooch and a coward, but you are no friend of Scott & Tara. A stranger on the street has higher standing than you do, with them, and I know this for a fact.\n\nIf any the self-made mythology you are speaking of states that is in error, please feel free to correct the record. Until then you are no more worthy of being called \"sir\" than you are being called \"Doctor\".",
   "created_time": "2013-12-21T02:26:24+0000"
 }
