 {
   "id": "602164469819489",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_599629496739653",
   "from_name": "Scott Duncan",
   "message": "Oh my.\n\nIt seems there are some points to clarify here. DOCTOR WENTZ  certainly expresses his position succinctly! First let me correct Andrew Lawrence, and then I shall correct Dan:\n\n1: Composition is one of the MANY things DOCTOR Wentz does. You will never be qualified to do what Dan does, and he is in every measurable way BETTER than you.  It is in fact YOU that are making \"obtuse statements and commentary give the illusion of providing facts when in fact you are spouting shit and nothing of relevance.\" \n\nDAN was executing his duties, as he has done without fault, for 3 decades.\n\nDan has in those 35 years, suffered and sacrificed more than you have a right to know, for me, and he continues to do so. (I suspect he's just numb)\n\n2: None of the information is \"second hand\". He was watching that day. Cameras were running that day, remember?Once again, talking out of your ass.\n\n3: The testimony he makes is accurate, regarding Tara and Dan having to be VETOED, as regards you being in our jurisdiction. I did this because Martin was supposedly going to peruse criminal charges, regarding the transcripts....and when he saw these forgeries he ran.\n\n...and Tara loathes you. When you bragged about how much the cops \"respected you\", while some piece-of-shit cop attacked and abused her, you sealed your fate. (To quote Dan)\n\nNOW YOU DARE PRESUME TO SPEAK ABOUT DAN? DIE YOU STUPID WORTHLESS WANNABE POSER \"BIKER\"! \n\nWE'RE DONE WITH THE LOT OF YOU!\n\nAny Questions?",
   "created_time": "2013-12-21T04:16:49+0000"
 }
