 {
   "id": "602157539820182",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_599629496739653",
   "from_name": "Andrew D'Aragon",
   "message": "Where were you when all this was going down? Standing at the side of your lifelong friend? No of course not, you had more important things to do. Yes they opened their home for me, but I had a home and was asked to be there. The whole at my expense all my travel and other accommodations, they shared their food, and their spare bedroom, and I also helped out cleaning, did some repairs on the condo and driving them around, taking them on errands and the like. so don't preach to me you sanctimonious piece of shit.\n\nI was only supposed to be there for a short while as Scott had offered to help with the development of a project I had. After a year and everything I did and tried to do for them you have no standing with your hearsay knowledge and belief that you take for fact. So shut your fucking trap. \n\nI advise based on the facts presented to me, and my advice is freely given, under no obligation to be taken. But if one does not follow my advice and chooses their own path, my hands are clean, a real man takes responsibility for his decisions and actions in life and the consequences thereof, he doesn't seek help and council from others in order to put them in a position of blame. It would appear from what you are saying that Scott is this way, but I know better. if you could only see how much damage you are doing to Scott and the trusts reputation with your inane ramblings.\n\nAnd what planet of the insane do you come from to even put forth the suggestion that any one man can stand to the assault of a full ETF squad in full body armor? WTF is your glitch? do you honestly believe anyone in the world reading this shit is swayed by that point? Am I supposed to cower in shame for not being superman? \n\nFuck off peanut gallery, you are nothing but a has been composer who through obtuse statements and commentary give the illusion of providing facts when in fact you are spouting shit and nothing of relevance.\n\nFuck you!",
   "created_time": "2013-12-21T03:41:57+0000"
 }
