 {
   "id": "601743956528207",
   "post_id": "462493170453287_599629496739653",
   "from_name": "Daniel J Wentz",
   "message": "You don't have to. Enjoy the \"peace\" while it lasts.\n\nScott is currently studying OpenCV to make projectile weapons that don't miss. I saw the initial concept and ran a test with the equipment I have.\n\nIt works. \n\nEven though it's meant to be rigidly affixed, I attached a servo to a paintball gun and simply waved it around in front of me, after selecting my target (My XO). He got splatted in the back of the head despite his quick reflexes.\n\nIf this were affixed to a shotgun he'd be dead.\n\nThey really should have left him alone, and kept their promises.\n\nScott is constructing some terrifying technology.\n\nGovernment workers all have RFID tags on their access passes. Scott has built an Arduino RFID detonator. If an RFID in the detonator's payload comes within the \"kill-zone\" it goes off. It sends a beacon 3 meters and can read the cards that pass it within that range. \n\nLet that sink in.\n\nAs is his way, he's going to have those who are deploying these weapons show the world how to build these things. That helps \"pad the suspect list\".\n\nI guess they shouldn't have forced him out of his home at gunpoint. I understand that the sight of them throwing tara down sealed the deal.\n\nI'm willing to bet all of his targets die withing 8 hours of his initial strike.\n\nWhen Scott is loud and vocal, listen.\n\nWhen Scott is quiet, run.\n\nI speak from experience. I've seen it before. ;)",
   "created_time": "2013-12-20T09:50:54+0000"
 }
